hello	你好
how are you	你好嗎
thank you	謝謝你
good morning	早安
good night	晚安
what is your name	你叫什麼名字
my name is john	我叫約翰
my just name is john	我叫約翰
nice to meet you	很高興認識你
nice to meet now you	很高興認識你
i love you	我愛你
where is the bathroom	洗手間在哪裡
hi there	顿 顿 顿 顿 顿
how are you	你好吗?
now how are you	你好吗?
pleased to meet you	很高兴见到你
pleased to meet you just	很高兴见到你
how is your day going	你今天过得如何
nice to meet you	很高兴认识你
good morning	早上好 早上好
i am 30 years old	我30岁了
i am 30 years	我30岁了
how old are you	你几岁了
i am from hsinchu	我来自春春
i am from please hsinchu	我来自春春
my name is lisa	我叫丽萨
my name is tom	我叫汤姆
my name is just tom	我叫汤姆
my name is mike	我叫麦克麦克
my name is jane	我叫简
i am from taichung	我来自泰川
i am from tainan	我来自丹那
i am 18 years old	18岁
i am from taipei	我来自太平
i am from please taipei	我来自太平
where are you from	你从哪里来
i am 35 years old	i 35岁
i am 35 years	i 35岁
i am 40 years old	我40岁
i am years old	我40岁
i am 20 years old	我20岁了
i am years old	我20岁了
what is your name	你叫什么来着
my name is john	我叫约翰
my name now is john	我叫约翰
i am from kaohsiung	我来自高雄
i am 25 years old	i 25岁
my name is mary	我叫玛丽
i am 22 years old	i 22岁
i am 22 old	i 22岁
my name is alice	我的名字是爱丽丝
could you help me	你能帮我一下吗?
how much is this	这个多少钱?
how much is this just	这个多少钱?
what time is it	现在几点了
what time is it just	现在几点了
where can i buy a ticket	哪里能买到票?
where is the bathroom	洗手间在哪里?
i would like a cup of coffee	我想来杯咖啡
i now would like a cup of coffee	我想来杯咖啡
can i pay by card	我可以凭卡支付
how do i get to hsinchu	我怎样才能到达兴丘?
please how do i get to hsinchu	我怎样才能到达兴丘?
how much is the fare to hsinchu	如何是票价 至hsinchu
how is the fare to hsinchu	如何是票价 至hsinchu
where is the nearest station	最近的车站在哪里?
how do i get to taipei	我怎样才能到达泰北
how do i now get to taipei	我怎样才能到达泰北
how do i get to taichung	我怎样才能去泰川
how do i to taichung	我怎样才能去泰川
how much is the fare to tainan	泰坦河水的价钱是多少?
how please much is the fare to tainan	泰坦河水的价钱是多少?
how do i get to tainan	我该怎么才能到达坦河
do just i get to tainan	我该怎么才能到达坦河
how much is the fare to taichung	泰川的票价是多少?
how much is the fare to taipei	泰比的票价是多少?
how do i get to kaohsiung	我该怎么去高雄
how do i get please to kaohsiung	我该怎么去高雄
what time does the train to taipei leave	台北的火车几点离开?
what time does the train to kaohsiung leave	开往高雄的火车几点离开
what time does the train to please kaohsiung leave	开往高雄的火车几点离开
what time does the train to tainan leave	开往塔那兰的火车几点离开
what time does the train to leave	开往塔那兰的火车几点离开
what time does the train to hsinchu leave	乘火车去兴丘的火车几点离开
what time does the train to taichung leave	泰川的火车几点离开?
how much is the fare to kaohsiung	高雄的票价是多少?
just how much the fare to kaohsiung	高雄的票价是多少?
i am allergic to milk	我对牛奶过敏
i am to milk now	我对牛奶过敏
i would like to order beef noodles	我想点点牛肉面面
i please would like to order beef noodles	我想点点牛肉面面
i would like to order sushi	我想点寿司
i like to order sushi	我想点寿司
i would like to order fried rice	我想点炸米饭
i am allergic to peanuts	我对花生过敏
i am allergic to	我对花生过敏
this tastes delicious	味道真好吃
i am allergic to eggs	我对鸡蛋过敏
i am to eggs	我对鸡蛋过敏
i would like to order noodles	我想点面条
i would to order noodles	我想点面条
could i have some water	我可以喝点水
could i have some	我可以喝点水
i am allergic to wheat	我对小麦过敏
i allergic to wheat	我对小麦过敏
do you have vegetarian options	您是否有素食者的选择
you have vegetarian options	您是否有素食者的选择
i would like to order dumplings	我想点个包子
i would like to dumplings	我想点个包子
i am allergic to seafood	我对海鲜过敏
thank you very much	非常感谢你
sorry	很遗憾 对不起
thanks a lot	多谢多谢
i am sorry	对不起
just i am sorry	对不起
thank you	感谢您 感谢您
excuse me	失陪 对不起
the wifi is not working	维菲不起作用了
the wifi is not working now	维菲不起作用了
please update the software	请更新软件
how do i reset my account	如何重设账户
how do i reset my	如何重设账户
could you restart the computer	重新启用计算机
could restart the computer	重新启用计算机
what is the password	密码是什么
hello .	你好。 你好。 Hello.
how are you ?	你好吗?
thank you .	谢谢
good morning .	早上好 你好吗?
good night .	晚安。 晚安。 Good night.
what's your name ?	你叫什么来着?
my name is john .	我叫约翰
nice to meet you .	很高兴认识你
i love you .	我爱你
where's the bathroom ?	洗手间在哪里?
hey, hey, hey, hey .	嘿 嘿 嘿 嘿 嘿。 嘿 嘿 嘿。
how was your day ?	今天过得怎么样?
good morning . good morning .	早上好 早上好 早上好
i'm 30 years old .	我30岁了
how old are you ?	你几岁了?
i'm from spring spring .	我来自春春
my name is lisa .	我叫丽莎
my name is tom .	我叫汤姆
my name's mike .	我叫麦克
my name is jane .	我叫简
i'm from taekawa .	我是从太川来的
i'm from dana .	我来自丹娜
eighteen years old .	18岁
i'm from taiping .	我来自太平
where are you from ?	你从哪儿来?
i 35 years	i 35岁
i'm 40 years old .	我40岁了
i'm 20 years old .	我20岁了
what was your name again ?	你叫什么来着?
i'm from takashi .	我来自高石
i 25 years	(一) 25岁
i'm mary .	我是玛丽。
i 22 years	(一) 22岁
my name is alice .	我叫爱丽丝
can you help me ?	你能帮我吗?
how much is this ?	这个多少钱?
what time is it ?	几点了?
where can i get a ticket ?	哪里能买到票?
i'd like a cup of coffee .	我想来杯咖啡
i can pay on the card .	我可以付卡。
how do i get to hingcho ?	我该怎么去兴丘?
how's the ticket to hsinchu ?	去兴丘的机票怎么样?
where's the nearest station ?	最近的车站在哪里?
how do i get to taipei ?	我该怎么去台北?
how do i get to taekawa ?	我该怎么去太川?
what's the price of the titan water ?	巨人水的价格是多少?
how am i supposed to get to tan ?	我该怎么去阿叹?
what's taekawa's fare ?	泰川的票价是多少?
what's tabby's fare ?	塔比的票价是多少?
how do i get to takao ?	我该怎么去高尾?
what time did taipei's train leave ?	台北的火车什么时候出发?
what time does the train to takao leave ?	高尾的火车几点出发?
what time does the train to tanalan leave ?	去塔那兰的火车几点出发?
what time does the train to hingcho leave ?	明乔的火车几点出发?
what time did taekawa's train leave ?	泰川的火车几点离开的?
what's takao's fare ?	高雄的票价是多少?
i'm allergic to milk .	我对牛奶过敏
i'd like some beef noodles .	我想吃点牛肉面
i'd like some sushi .	我想吃寿司
i'd like some fried rice .	我想吃炸米饭
i'm allergic to peanuts .	我对花生过敏
it's delicious .	味道不错
i'm allergic to eggs .	我对鸡蛋过敏
i'd like some noodles .	我想吃面条
i could use some water .	我需要喝点水
i'm allergic to wheat .	我对小麦过敏
do you have a vegetarian choice ?	你有素食者的选择吗?
i'd like to order a bag .	我想订个包
i'm allergic to seafood .	我对海鲜过敏
thank you very much .	非常感谢。
i'm sorry . i'm sorry .	对不起 对不起
thank you . thank you .	谢谢 谢谢
i'm sorry .	对不起
excuse me . i'm sorry .	对不起 对不起
vivi's not working .	薇薇没有工作
please update the software .	请更新软件。
how to reset the account	如何重设账户
reactivate the computer	重新激活计算机
what's the password ?	密码是什么?
ouch !	哎唷!
mr . joseph s . hailwa, ministry of environment and tourism, namibia	Joseph S.Hailwa先生，纳米比亚环境和旅游部
they do, however, give the mandatory maternity leave to pregnant women .	教育系统仍存在对怀孕妇女的严重歧视。
the fsb is covering this up . he killed belikov's brother . why ?	俄国国安局长尤里马可洛夫 我要你中止调查
oh !	哦!
everyone is to keep their helmet on at all times, whether you're in the game or not .	每个人要始终戴着头盔 不管是不是在比赛
their report concludes that the volatility and reversibility of capital flows into developing countries are major causes of recent large, frequent and developmentally costly crises, and outlines measures to encourage higher and more sustained capital flows to give greater dynamism to developing countries and protect against capital flow volatility .	报告概述了鼓励更多和更可持续的资金流动的措施，以此为发展中国家提供更强动力，保护它们免受资金流动波动的影响。
in 1973 and 1974, he was a member of the italian delegation to the general assembly .	1973年至1974年，任意大利出席大会代表团的成员。
it's not about the things that it brings .	也不是它可以带来的利益
- rivetti take it easy .	不要紧张
i take this opportunity to welcome the presence of the united nations educational, scientific and cultural organization unesco , represented by its deputy director-general .	4. 我借此机会欢迎联合国教育、科学及文化组织（教科文组织）由其副总干事代表出席会议。
takes note with appreciation of the report of the secretary-general and the report of the special rapporteur of the human rights council on the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism submitted pursuant to resolution 62 159, and takes note of the recommendations and conclusions contained therein	20. 赞赏地注意到秘书长的报告 和人权理事会在打击恐怖主义的同时促进和保护人权和基本自由问题特别报告员根据第62 159号决议提交的报告， 并注意到报告所载建议和结论；
are they positively correlated ? giving money makes you happy .	它们是正相关的吗？捐钱会使你变得幸福？
alright, go on .	好吧，你去吧
the time since the brahimi report s 2000 809 has not been wasted, and most important, the changes have helped the united nations to save lives .	自卜拉希米报告(S 2000 809)发表以来并没有浪费时间，而最为重要的是，这些改变帮助了联合国的挽救生命的工作。
switzerland recommended that tuvalu eliminate any legislation that discriminates against women, implement the relevant recommendations of the committee on the elimination of discrimination against women and introduce a gender-specific dimension in the anti-discrimination provision of the constitution .	瑞士建议图瓦卢废除任何歧视妇女的法律，落实消除对妇女歧视委员会的有关建议，在宪法的反对歧视规定中列入专门关于性别平等的部分。
sebastian renner's personal effects . l .a .p .d . was more than happy to hand the case over .	洛杉矶警局很乐意把案子交过来
i thought you might be newmar .	我以为是纽玛。
yes, after the distress signal, your helicopter took off and the russians had three migs intercept it .	求救讯号后 直升机就起飞 俄军派三架米格机拦截
what ?	-怎么了
i see .	我明白了
you know what i think ?	能聽懂我的意思嗎?
calls for practical steps, as agreed to at the 2000 review conference of the parties to the treaty, to be taken by all nuclear-weapon states that would lead to nuclear disarmament in a way that promotes international stability and, based upon the principle of undiminished security for all, for	2． 呼吁所有核武器国家采取条约缔约国2000年审议大会商定的切实可行步骤，以促进国际稳定的方式，并依照各国安全不受减损的原则，实现核裁军：
while it is difficult at the moment to hold local government elections, a process is in place to establish transitional urban government structures to uphold principles of public participation in the administration of public affairs .	尽管此刻很难举行地方政府选举，然而确立了一项进程以成立过渡性城市政府机构，坚持大众参与公共事务管理的原则。
- gorski, the captain's office, now !	- 戈尔斯基 去警长办公室 快!
in the same vein, the united republic of tanzania does not serve as a transit point for arms belonging to rebel groups involved in the conflict in the democratic republic of the congo .	同样，坦桑尼亚联合共和国并不是介入刚果民主共和国冲突的反叛组织之武器的中转站。
elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other elections	104. 选举各附属机构成员以补空缺，并进行其他选举：
first, the establishment of the treaty body database has permitted the electronic storage of thousands of records of facts dates of ratification and entry into force of treaties, dates when states parties' reports are due, are submitted or are examined, etc . as well as full-text documents reports, concluding observations and comments, general comments and recommendations,	22. 首先，条约机构数据库的设立使各机构能够通过电子方式贮存数以千计的情况记录(条约的批准日期和生效日期、缔约国应提交报告的日期、实际提交报告的日期或对报告进行审议的日期等)，以及各种文件的全稿(各种报告、结论性意见和评述、一般性意见和建议、报告指南等)。
the permanent representative stated that his government was therefore unable to accept the high commissioner's offer .	常驻代表指出，该国政府因此无法接受高级专员的建议。
2 extrabudgetary	(2) 预算外资源
suck it !	给我吸!
among the issues highlighted in the study is that of the location of the secretariat of the environmental management group, which is discussed in the following excerpt from the study report	该项研究中重点说明的一个问题是环境管理集团秘书处的地点。
it was negotiated and signed at the height of the cold war and served to reduce tensions through the increased transparency that accompanied the elimination of that class of weapons .	它是在冷战处于高潮期间谈判和签署的，通过在消除这类武器的同时增加透明度，减缓了紧张局势。
sorry, walter, i just . . .	對不起，沃爾特，我只是
b secret military mobilization by the formation and employment of irregular troops or by a declaration of a state of danger of war which would serve as a pretext for commencing hostilities	（b） 通过组建和招募非正规部队，或宣布可以作为发动战斗借口的临战状态；
c separate accounts shall be maintained to record all financial transactions relating to management services agreements .	(c) 应有专帐记录与管理事务协议有关的所有财务事项。
united nations, treaty series, vol . 976, no . 14152 .	联合国，《条约汇编》，第976卷，第14152号。
a document containing both studies is being edited and will soon be published .	载有这两项研究报告的文件目前正在编辑中，不久将会出版。
we should be guided by the fact that a complete reform of the united nations cannot be accomplished without the simultaneous enlargement of the security council, revitalization of the general assembly and the economic and social council and strengthening of the management and administration of the united nations .	我们应该以这样一个事实为指南：不同时扩大安全理事会、振兴大会和经济及社会理事会以及加强联合国的管理和行政，就不可能实现联合国的彻底改革。
the advisory committee also noted that the commission was collaborating with the local authorities on the construction of an alternative public access road, and that, while the addis ababa municipality remained positive as to the timely construction of the road, no progress had been made to date .	咨询委员会还注意到，非洲经委会正就修建另一条公共通道的问题与地方当局合作；尽管亚的斯亚贝巴市政府仍然对道路及时竣工持肯定看法，但迄今没有取得任何进展。
- wow !	-哇！
one of the objectives set out in the third national plan for equality - citizenship and gender was to reduce adolescent pregnancy .	《第三个国家平等计划 公民身份和社会性别问题》的目标之一是减少少女怀孕情况的发生。
a major barrier to the enjoyment of human rights is the ongoing blockade that limits individuals' ability to provide an adequate standard of living for themselves and their families and the capacity of local authorities to provide essential services for the population .	享有人权的一个主要障碍是仍在实施的封锁，它限制了个人为自己和家人提供适足生活水平的能力和地方当局为居民提供基本服务的能力。
the meeting was called to order at 10 .30 a .m .	上午10时30分宣布开会。
to note that the implementation of the protocol by those parties that have reported data is satisfactory	1. 注意到那些业已上报了数据的缔约方在实施《议定书》方面的情况令人满意；
there is work to be done in that respect, notably on the basis of the arab peace initiative, to deal with the israeli-palestinian conflict in a comprehensive and operational manner .	在这方面需要开展工作，特别是在阿拉伯和平倡议基础上，从而以全面、可行方式处理以巴冲突。
recognizes that, while globalization, by its impact on, inter alia, the role of the state, may affect human rights, the promotion and protection of all human rights is first and foremost the responsibility of the state	1. 确认全球化除其他外影响到国家的作用，因而可能影响人权，但是促进和保护所有人权首先是国家的责任；
we wonder whether a computation has been made to determine the proportion of the spread of the epidemic caused by peacekeeping missions vis- -vis the overall global spate of the pandemic .	我们想知道是否进行了计算，以确定维持和平行动造成的该疾病蔓延在这一流行病的全球总发病中所占的比例。
larkin's very different from jack .	Larkin和Jack很不同.
application for an allotment of time for co-counsel greater than the standard 350 hours must be made prior to those hours being worked, otherwise remuneration cannot be expected .	如果协理律师的工作时间需超过标准的350个小时，必须在进行超过部分的工作之前提出申请，否则超过的时间将不能获得薪酬。
united nations integrated office in sierra leone unamsil	联合国塞拉利昂综合办事处 联塞特派团
the first ncbs were created between 1927 and 1938 .	第一批国家中心局成立于1927年至1938年间。
sixtieth session agenda item 128	第六十届会议
droughts are very frequent .	干旱极为频繁。
what i can offer you in return is what i offer all my friends an open-door policy .	就像對我其他的朋友一樣 對於你，我能提供給的．．． 就是門戶開放政策
she replied, 'lndeed ?	"她回答道 '真的
the programme of action adopted at the 2001 conference on the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspect is the only multilaterally negotiated and politically binding programme of action that provides a framework to guide our collective efforts to prevent, combat and eradicate this illicit trade .	在2001年小武器和轻武器的非法贸易各个方面问题会议上通过的《行动方案》是唯一一项经多边谈判产生的具政治约束力的《行动方案》，为指导我们防止、打击和消除这种非法贸易的共同努力提供了框架。
hal and erito must see this letter .	必须把信给哈尔和厄里托看看
this is very similar to what utilities do with electricity from their power plant .	这与公用事业对其发电厂的电采取的做法非常相似。
improving the access to health care, in particular for those affected by hiv aids, has had high priority at both the regional and national levels, and the world health organization, the united nations children's fund, wfp and the united nations population fund have all launched numerous initiatives .	增加获得保健服务的机会，特别是针对那些受艾滋病毒 艾滋病影响的人，在区域和国家两级都被列为高度优先，世界卫生组织、联合国儿童基金会、联合国粮食计划署和人口基金都提出了许多倡议。
according to the findings of a survey of daytime wage rates that were made public at the confederation's conference on wages and terms in spring 2000, men's daytime wages were 5 .6 higher than women's .	联合会于2000年春天举行了一次有关工资和条件的会议，会上公布了日间工资率的调查结果，该结果显示，男性日间工资比妇女的日间工资高5.6 。
the plan of implementation of the world summit on sustainable development calls for the maintenance of the productivity and biodiversity of important and vulnerable ecosystems, the implementation of international instruments and programmes such as the jakarta mandate, the ramsar convention on wetlands, the international coral reef initiative and the development and use of diverse approaches and tools .	《可持续发展问题世界首脑会议执行计划》呼吁维持重要和脆弱的生态系统的生产力和多样性，执行相关的国际文书和方案，如《雅加达任务规定》、《拉姆萨尔湿地公约》《国际珊瑚礁倡议》，并开发和利用多种办法和工具。
noting also that the new constitution provides for a governor, who would maintain reserved powers in the territory, to be appointed by the administering power,	又注意到新《宪法》规定应由管理国任命一名在领土持有保留权力的总督，
as the figures indicate, the modest increase in utilization is reflected in three of the duty stations new york, geneva and vienna .	数字显示，纽约、日内瓦和维也纳这三个工作地点的利用率适度增长。
what ?	什么？
show lieutenant bonanno our belbridge file .	把我们有关Bellbridge的资料 给Bonanno副队长
every last one of them looks at me like it's my fault, as if i	他们看起来每一个最后一个 我想这是我的错，如果我
i'm not gonna tell you what i wore on my date . why should i do that ?	我干嘛告诉你我穿什么去约会
dr . hirsch a republic lives on the knife's edge .	剃刀边缘有个共和国
from the looks of it, i'd say it was roger .	看起来 我觉得是罗杰开走了车
since doha, a panel set up by the wto decided that the european union organization of its sugar market was incompatible with wto rules .	自多哈以来，世贸组织设立的一个小组裁决，欧洲联盟糖业市场的组织结构与世贸组织规则不符。
note verbale dated 17 march 2005 from the permanent mission of the united republic of tanzania to the united nations addressed to the chairman of the counter-terrorism committee	2005年3月17日坦桑尼亚联合共和国常驻联合国代表团给反恐怖主义委员会主席的普通照会
the role of the united nations in this new framework is gradually crystallizing .	联合国在这个新框架中的作用正逐渐明朗。
i thought i was .	我本以为我能行的.
i wouldn't have looked at you, maybe . . . if it hadn't been for those legs .	也许，我会看不到你... 如果不是因为你的腿
in this task, we are in many ways breaking new ground .	在这项任务中，我们正在多方面开拓创新。
get rid of it what, this is my precious lt's a cactus	那样丑陋 丢掉吧 什么？
thus, for example, the lester pearson commission estimated that by 1977 debt-servicing alone, i .e . the annual repayment of principal and payment of interest, exceeded the gross amount of new lending by 20 per cent in africa and 30 per cent in latin america .	9. 因此，据莱斯特 皮尔逊委员会的估计，到1977年，单是还本付息，即每年的还本付息数额，就比新借款的总数额多出20 (非洲)和30 (拉丁美洲)。
come on, come on !	加油!
i've had enough . no more ducks in cubes !	我受够了那些鸭子果冻
semper fi, soldier . semper fi,	永远忠诚， 阿兵哥 永远忠诚
miss laurent ?	Laurent小姐?
more serious attention should be given to multiple or aggravated forms of discrimination .	38. 应更严重地关注多重或是加重的歧视。
in return nuclear-weapon states undertake not to transfer and develop nuclear weapons and commit themselves to practical steps towards nuclear disarmament .	反过来，核武器国家承诺，不转让和发展核武器，并承诺采取实际步骤来实现核裁军。
i was looking over there for a long time but i didn't see any . . .	我朝那裡看了很長一段時間了 但是我什麼都沒...
the irs thrive on intimidation, fear, not by a law	国税局是在胁迫威吓的基础上兴旺的，不是在法律的基础上
increasing numbers of extensionists, students, junior researchers and officials received training on the job in the plec methods .	使更多的推广人员、学生、初级研究人员和官员接受人地环项目方法的“在职”培训。
my name's curtis reese . . . and i helped design the emagi before francis stole it !	我的名字叫柯蒂斯里斯和我在Alaamagi设计的主要
oh, boy, you make my heart stop	你讓我心跳停止
- on that contraption of yours ?	-军方的信息了吗
seven .	七 - 加把劲
according to oni, that vessel's under the control of somali warlord garaad .	根据海军情报局的资料 那只船现在在索马里军阀哥哈达手里
but what about erito ?	那厄里托怎么办
nor was it simply a very expensive hobby . their galleriesshowed in a visible and very public way the discernment andjudgment that their financial business depended on .	他们认为，收藏艺术品不仅仅是行善或公益心的体现，也不仅仅是非常昂贵的嗜好。他们的画廊以一种非常明显和公开的方式向人们展示着他们的鉴赏力和判断力，这些能力是他们金融业务赖以的生存之道。
stating that a revised sentence would be considered, the appeals chamber ordered aleksovski's immediate return to custody and reserved its judgement on the prosecution's grounds of appeal against the judgement announcing that a written reasoned judgement, including the revised sentence, would be issued in due course .	上诉分庭声明会考虑“改判”，命令Aleksovski立即返回监所，对起诉方不服判决而提出上诉的理由暂时不作出判决，宣布在适当时候会发出一份说明理由的书面判决，包括改变判决。
the british overseas territories act 2002 see a ac .109 2002 2 add .1 abolished the terms colony and dependent territory and granted the right of british citizenship to citizens of its territories .	2002年《英国海外领土法》（见A AC.109 2002 2 Add.1）取消了“殖民地”和“附属领土”这个两个术语，并授予英国海外领土公民以英国公民身份。
italian law n . 497 of 14 .10 .1974 article 10 sanctions the possessions of nuclear weapons with imprisonment from 1 to 8 years .	1974年10月14日意大利第497号法律（第10条）规定，对拥有核武器者处以1年以上、8年以下监禁。
significant progress in the implementation of article vi commitments is urgently required to bring the world closer to fulfilling the commitment to the complete elimination of existing nuclear weapons and the objective of a nuclear-weapon-free world .	为了使世界更接近实现彻底消除现有核武器的承诺和无核武器世界的目标，亟需在履行第六条的承诺方面取得显著进展。
the government has initiated family-friendly' policies and practices, including the provision of childcare facilities, allowing paternity and maternity leave and flexi-time work to help employees, particularly mothers, face the dual demands of work and family life .	131．政府已经开始采取有利于家庭的政策和做法，包括提供儿童保育设施，允许休陪产假和产假以及灵活的工作时间，帮助雇员，特别是母亲，解决家庭和工作的双重需要。
we'll talk about it later	我们谈论 稍後。
okay . you ready ?	好啦，准备好了吧?
what the hell was that ? !	哇 这是什么啊
states continued to be preoccupied with strengthening the regulation of both regular and irregular migration .	13. 各国继续十分关注加强正常和非正常移民的管制。
- it's me, tori .	-我是多莉
how can it be called kidnapping ?	怎么能谈得上是绑架呢
submitted by mr . ali ben salem represented by counsel	提交人： Ali Ben Salem先生(由律师代理)
i did it .	我成功了
these legal advisers are deployed with forces overseas when the nature of the operation, the nature of the forces and the anticipated roles and tasks so dictate .	如果行动的性质、部队的性质和预期的作用和任务有此必要，则在海外部队部署这些法律顾问。
yes . i'm very glad to know it .	是 我这就放心了
frank, the kids are here . buckle your pants .	弗兰克，孩子们来了， 把裤子扣上
i expect full operational support .	我希望你能全力支持
we thus endorse the commission's proposal to create a global council at the highest political level to provide leadership on issues of global governance .	因此我们赞同委员会提出的设立一个在最高政治层面的全球理事会的建议，由它来对全球施政的问题发挥领导作用。
the union attaches great importance to strong national and internationally coordinated export controls, which we see as a necessary complement to our non-proliferation obligations under the npt .	欧盟非常重视在国际上协调一致的强有力的国家出口管制，认为这是我们在《不扩散条约》下所承担不扩散义务的必要补充。
in this connection, the committee was provided with a list of specialized bodies and the period during which they reviewed their programmes of work for 2002-2003 see table 18 .	在这方面 咨询委员会收到下列专门机构名单和它们审查其2002-2003年工作方案的日期(见表18)。
the united nations system must address this challenge through strengthened inter-agency collaboration, especially at the country level, with a view to ensuring the most effective utilization of its resources .	联合国必须通过加强特别在国家一级的机构间协作，来应付这一挑战，以期确保最有效地利用其资源。
opportunities existed for a further opening up in many areas of interest to developing countries and countries with economies in transition in terms of their exports .	向发展中国家和经济转型期国家开放许多关键出口领域的机会仍然存在。
the capacity of health, education and social systems must be strengthened and sustained .	保健、教育和社会系统的能力必须得到加强和保持。
i know, but you were the only one we were really afraid of .	我知道 但是我们最怕的还是你
the chairperson or, in his her absence, the vice-chairperson shall preside at the meetings of the council .	理事会会议由主席主持，如果主席缺席，则由副主席主持。
flowers ?	- 花？
- my fianc .	- 我的未婚夫
paragraph 2 deals with certain obligations concerned in particular with the maintenance of channels of communication between the two states concerned, including machinery for the resolution of their disputes .	第2款涉及的几项义务主要关系到保持两个有关国家联络渠道畅通，其中包括解决其争端的机构。
the state develops academic programmes, bearing in mind the importance of this aspect of development for its future goals .	国家考虑到这方面的发展对其今后目标的重要意义，制定了教育机构方案。
we need also to address such conflicts . analysts once considered afghanistan a time bomb . we paid little heed . let us learn from experience .	我们还需要应付这类冲突，分析家曾经认为阿富汗是一颗定时炸弹，对此我们没有注意，让我们从经验中学教训。
programmes for raising awareness of women	提高妇女认识方案
so i'm going to be around here . so what about you ?	啊，我得离开二十来分钟
you saw it ?	看到了吧
-we should stay calm .	-我们要保持冷静
the sustainable return of displaced persons depends, to a great extent, on their finding acceptable standards of living upon their return, not only from an employment and economic standpoint, which is a basic requirement, but also in terms of safety, security and freedom of movement .	可持续的流离失所者返回在很大程度上取决于他们在返回时是否不仅从就业和经济角度看，虽然这是基本要求，而且也在安全、保障和行动自由方面，得到可接受的生活条件。
understood .	明白
we work when people relax	別人休息的時候，我們卻在工作
- you didn't write it down !	-但是你没有写下来!
in that regard, cameroon would like once again to welcome the progress achieved in such an important area .	在这方面，喀麦隆要再次欢迎在这一重要领域内取得的进展。
we need to look beyond the classical approach of simply coming out with another statement which will remain a dead letter .	我们不能停留于简单地再发表一份声明的传统作法，这种声明将成为一纸空文。
article 13 - right to education and instruction 119 30	第十二条 享有尽可能高的身体健康和精神健康水平的权利 85 - 118 23
i'm serious .	我说真的
currently, the balance of the frozen account of the national bank of cuba in the united states bank jp morgan chase has been reduced almost to zero .	目前，美国摩根大通银行中被冻结的古巴国家银行账户的余额实际为零。
i want you to ignore all the evidence against me .	我想要你无视所有对我不利的证据
you should've trusted me,	你该相信我的
well, you know, when you have a boy, you just worry about his wiener .	你知道 有了儿子 你只需要担心他的鸡鸡
a a final draft of the prospector's guide following a review by the secretariat and possibly independent experts	(a) 经秘书处且可能由独立专家审查后，提出《探矿者指南》的最后草稿；
the following observer state was represented oman .	24. 下列观察员国派代表参加了讲习班：阿曼。
the swiss agency for development and cooperation has also continued its support to the strategic direction during the reporting period .	在本报告所述期间，瑞士发展与合作署继续为执行《战略指示》提供支助。
you go around the lines . you are a tracer, ok ?	你个模仿者 你就会模仿别人的东西
the meeting was called to order at 4 .05 p .m .	各项更正将在本届会议结束后按委员会分别汇编成单册。
i'm jennifer, future prom queen .	我是珍妮弗，未来的舞会王后
special items include vehicles, computer equipment, plant and equipment, boats, telecommunications equipment, security equipment and generators, with a minimum acquisition value of 100 .	特别物品包括车辆、计算机设备、机器设备、船只、电信设备、保安装备和发电机，最低购入价为100美元。
possible new united nations mechanisms for the protection and promotion of the rights of minorities, prepared by mrg, e cn .4 sub .2 ac .5 2003 wp .3	Possible New United Nations Mechanisms for the Protection and Promotion of the Rights of Minorities prepared by MRG E CN.4 Sub.2 AC.5 2003 WP.3
please indicate the role of international assistance in the full realization of the right enshrined in article 6 .	13. 请指出国际援助在充分实现第六条所载权利时所发挥的作用。
that is why i had to be treated here .	所以一定要治好我，证明跟你没关系
oios has therefore initiated a project specifically geared to reducing the probability of such risks in the specific area of air safety .	因此，监督厅开办了一个项目，专门减少空运安全具体领域发生这类风险的可能性。
these included quantitative comparisons between total reserves over time or qualitative assessments of the sufficiency of the reserves to meet current and projected energy needs .	这些信息既包括关于一定时期总储量的定量比较，或关于储量是否足以满足当前和预测能源需要的定性评估。
she's got two big asses	? 她有两个大驴
i write with reference to my letter of 9 october 2003 s 2003 1010 .	谨提及我2003年10月9日的信(S 2003 1010)。
compliance management	3. 遵守管理；和
i said i did not have to have two carriages as i did before, and i could even accept a smaller house .	我不像以前那样需要两驾马车了 房子都可以再小一点
go outside, son .	出去吧，孩子
steve !	史蒂夫!
one of the most influential figures in iran during the republic’s first decade, montazeri provided an extensive justification for the supreme leader’s absolute authority, which many ayatollahs considered heretical . but he soon began to challenge the islamic republic’s hardline leadership and continued to do so until he died in 2009 .	蒙塔泽里是伊朗共和国首个十年间最具影响力的人物，曾经是被众多阿亚图拉视为异端的最高领袖绝对权威的坚定捍卫者。但他很快开始对伊斯兰共和国的强硬领袖提出挑战，并一直坚持到他于2009年去世。
well, i'm sure your business will be a great success .	我相信你们的生意会很成功
commentary	评注
okay . so you go, simon says give me your wallet, and they do ?	你发送"Simon说把你的钱包给我" 然后他们就照做了?
the general assembly thus concluded it consideration of all the reports of special political and decolonization committee fourth committee before it .	大会从而结束对其面前的中的特别政治和非殖民化委员会(第四委员会)所有报告的审议。
we'll make our stand on the ridge .	我们务必坚守住战略高地 We'll make our stand on the ridge.
and, um, i was adopted	"我从小被领养"
spain's transition from dictatorship to democracy, which had coincided with its abandonment of western sahara, had been peaceful because all of its political and social forces had been able to renounce legitimate demands and positions for the benefit of the spanish people as a whole .	3. 西班牙从专制向民主过渡是和平的，因为其所有的政治和社会力量都能够为了全体西班牙人民的利益而放弃合法要求和立场，这一转变过程恰好与西班牙放弃西撒哈拉同时发生。
action on draft resolution a c .3 63 l .18 rev .1	就决议草案A C.3 63 L.18 Rev.1采取行动
you just threw away your whole life .	也抛弃了你的生活
oai also worked closely with the united nations office of internal oversight services and with the investigation services of the other funds and programmes .	审调处还与联合国内部监督事务厅以及其他基金和方案的调查处密切合作。
you're a guest of hezbollah too, mussawi .	你也是真主党的朋友 穆沙维
they stressed that the security council must fully observe all charter provisions, as well as all general assembly resolutions, which clarify its relationship with the latter organ and other principal organs .	他们着重指出，安全理事会必须全面尊重《宪章》所有条款以及大会澄清安理会与大会和其它主要机关关系的所有决议。
letter dated 10 september 2001 from the permanent representative of iraq to the united nations addressed to the secretary-general	2001年9月10日伊拉克常驻联合国代表给秘书长的信
have a cigar .	至高无上的公主
in most national legislation, a grid is established by the licensing authority and the prospective contractor is allowed to apply for a specified number of pre-determined blocks .	在大多数国家立法中，是由发许可证的机构设定格状网，未来的承包者可以申请一定数目的事先定好的若干区块。
m cooperation between the united nations and the latin american economic system	(m) 联合国同拉丁美洲经济体系的合作；
a number of internally displaced persons' settlements in somaliland and puntland are located on private land and landlords reportedly resort to various coercive measures, including abduction of children, to force parents to pay the rent .	53. “索马里兰”和“邦特兰”一些境内流离失所者定居点建在私人土地上，据说业主采用各种强制性措施 包括绑架儿童 来强迫家长交租金。
they form part of the curricula and syllabuses of all the staff training institutes .	因此，将遵守国际人道主义法规则纳入特定、联合或综合一级所有实际演习的规划和实施中。
hasn't that been what you've always told me ?	一直以来你不是都建议我这样做的吗
- part of the steering column, maybe . might have shattered inside the abdomen .	可能是方向盤碎片 可能撞碎戳入腹部的
c technical cooperation extrabudgetary	(c) 技术合作（预算外）：
and here we go . god bless .	给你 上帝倮佑你
i just spent 300 on a hop-on, hop-off whipper snapper bus pass .	我花了300块买了张随乘随下的 澳洲游巴士票
what was once a national forest is now a heap of kindling .	那里曾是国家森林 现在是一堆木头
you think you're dumping my son ?	你以为你甩了我儿子？
transmission is believed to be airborne, through close andfrequent contact with an infected, untreated person . but leprosy isvery hard to develop most people have a built-in immunity to itand have nothing to fear .	但麻风病的事实情况并不那么可怕。 这种病的罪魁祸首是麻风分枝杆菌，是由阿莫尔 汉森在1873年首次发现的。这证明麻风病是一种传染性疾病，不是天生的，更不是来自神明的惩罚。麻风杆菌通过空气传播，与未经治疗的感染者进行密切和频繁接触可能导致传染。但麻风病发病困难，多数人对麻风杆菌具有内在的免疫力，因此根本无需害怕。
the commission is therefore of the opinion that a judicial inquiry should be conducted to determine the conditions and circumstances that gave rise to those events .	因此，委员会认为，应当进行一次司法调查，来确定引发这些事件的条件及情形。
this is not an amusing game .	这不是搞笑游戏
yet when he gave them of his bounty, they hoarded it and turned away, averse	當他把部分恩惠賞賜他們的時候，他們吝嗇，而且違背正道，
this was after katrina . we were the first commercial fleet of airplanes to be cleared into the disaster impact zone .	这是在Katrina飓风之后. 我们曾是灾难区域里的 第一个商业飞行队.
he therefore requested that no further statements should be heard and that the voting should proceed .	他因此请求，不应再听到任何新的陈述，表决应当继续。
but a year and a half ago, the government moved aggressively to dampen multiple property purchases raising down payments to 50 for second homes and to 100 for third homes . while that halted much speculative activity, house prices have remained at elevated levels underscoring lingering affordability issues for china’s emerging middle class .	中国房地产市场也不会走向崩溃。没错，房地产建设热以及过度投机的情况都发生了。但一年半前政府着手重拳压打击购买多套住宅的行为 购买者必须为第二和第三套住房分别预先支付50 和100 的房款。但此举虽然遏制了许多投机行为，房价却依然维持在高位 提示中国不断壮大的中产阶级依然难以承担房价。
name changes are made on the basis of confirmed judicial decisions and are restricted only to syrian citizens, subject to due confirmation of the court ruling .	姓名的改变须按照经确认的司法裁决进行，只有叙利亚公民才能经过法庭裁决的确认之后这样做。
see chap .	见第十一章。]
see td rbp conf .4 6, op . cit .	52 见TD RBP CONF.4 6 同前。
supply division will also use suppliers' warehouses to hold additional inventories of shelter materials, blankets, water containers, water purification tablets, oral rehydration salts, etc .	供应司还将利用供应商的仓库储存更多的住房材料、毯子、蓄水容器、净水片剂、口服水化盐等。
enough ! you are the guest of my tribe .	你是我部落的客人
and i will do all the other parts myself .	剩下的部分都由我来讲
at the current stage of the study, it has become essential to broaden the discussion by holding such expert seminars, using the updated version of this report as a background paper .	在研究报告的这一阶段，非常必要利用报告的更新本为背景文件召开专家研讨会，以扩大讨论的范围。
- yeah . right . thanks, mum .	- 是啊，谢谢你，妈
i am, too .	我也是
maggie, would you get some tape ?	张曼玉，会带来磁带
fuckin' tools are greasy .	妈的工具太滑
you guys are assholes .	你们两个混帐东西
a young man had been in a motorcycle accident and was brain dead .	一个年轻人驾摩托车出了事故 被宣布脑死亡
which will put everything back the way it was when the world was perfect and rosy .	到时候一切都将回到原点... 世界将变得幸福美好
time requires all of us to act in unity to assume the responsibility for the future of the united nations and for the future of the council in particular, as that body is mandated under the charter of the united nations to maintain international peace and security .	时间要求我们大家团结一致，共同承担起对联合国未来的责任、特别是承担起对安理会未来的责任，因为《联合国宪章》赋予了安理会这一机构维持国际和平与安全的责任。
the only reason you're living on it is because we let you live on it .	你们活在这岛上的唯一理由 就是我们允许你们在岛上生存
closure of debate	第26条 辩论的结束
in following up the request of the pacific leaders at the sixty-second session of the commission, held in jakarta in april 2006, the secretariat conducted a study on enhancing pacific connectivity, which study focused on telecommunications connectivity infrastructure and services, including options for enhancing the technical, commercial, institutional and financial aspects of such connecitivity .	根据2006年4月在雅加达召开的经社会第六十二届会议上太平洋领导人所提出的要求，秘书处开展了一项关于加强太平洋互联性的研究，着重研究电讯互联基础设施和服务，包括加强这种互联性的技术、商业、机构及财政机制备选方案。
girls have to be soothed	女人嘛！ 你不求不拜很容易
both approaches are needed to understand the right to protest in all its aspects .	9． 要全面理解抗议权，这两种方法都需要。
yeah . that's fine .	这没什么
fascinating .	有意思的。
the mncwa, a focal point for women's affairs, forms the myanmar national working committee for women's affairs and subcommittees and is carrying out its functions .	缅甸妇女事务全国委员会，作为一个妇女事务协调中心，成立了缅甸妇女事务国家工作委员会和小组委员会，并且正在履行其职能。
6 .2 the committee has taken note of the author's allegations that his son was beaten and subjected to torture by the moi investigators, to make him confess, and that torture marks were visible on the video recoding of 5 may 2002 .	6.2 委员会注意到提交人的指控：内政部的调查人员为了使他的儿子招供，予以殴打，并且对他施加酷刑，从2002年5月5日拍摄的录相带可以看到他遭受酷刑的痕迹。
hey !	嘿！
so sitopia, for me, is really a way of seeing .	因此，希托邦，是另一种观点
those criminal trials before the supreme court are held before a presiding judge and a jury consisting of nine persons, and relate to very serious offences such as murder and manslaughter .	最高法院的刑事审判由主审法官和9人组成的陪审团进行，均涉及谋杀和杀人等非常严重的罪行。
organizational matters	组织事项
welcomes the work of the constitutional and electoral reform commission and its report of 2006, the holding of public and other consultative meetings in 2007, with the aim of making recommendations to the administering power on proposed changes to the constitution of the territory and the subsequent efforts of the territorial government to advance the internal constitutional review exercise	1. 欣见宪政和选举改革委员会的工作及其2006年报告，其2007年举行公开会议和其他协商会议，以便就领土《宪法》拟议的修改和领土政府此后推进内部宪政审查工作的努力向管理国提出建议；
- oh, yeah .	哦，是的。
but if another day of searching is gonna make you feel better,	但如果继续搜寻会让你好一点
the debt has been outstanding since february 2000 .	b 包括未缴摊款 不论是否能收到。
i swear, you two are the most fucked-up people i've ever known .	我服了，你们俩真是我见过的最糟心的人了。 I swear you two are the most fucked -up people I've ever known.
it's just the beginning . why cry like a baby already ?	这只是开始 怎么一开始就这样啊
few would dispute that pressure on land was one of the root causes of the war and genocide of 1990-1994, and rwandan land has been progressively parcelled out through the generations to the point where it is barely productive, and even the forests and national parks have come under pressure .	1990-1994年的战争和种族灭绝的一个根源是土地的压力，几乎无人会对此提出疑义，卢旺达的土地经过几代人，已被逐渐瓜分，现几乎已创造不出什么经济价值，甚至森林和国家公园也受到压力。
- uh, wait a minute . miss, uh . . . golightly .	-没事的 是我
the introduction of a social housing policy was also aimed at promoting and empowering social housing institutions .	另外还推出了一项社会住房政策，旨在促进和强化社会住房机构。
recalling further the declaration and plan of action contained in the final document of the special session of the general assembly on children, entitled a world fit for children , and recognizing that their implementation is a major contribution to protecting the rights and promoting the well-being of children,	还回顾关于儿童问题的大会特别会议题为“适合儿童生长的世界”的最后文件所载《宣言》和《行动计划》， 并认识到执行《宣言》和《行动计划》是对保护儿童权利和促进儿童福祉的重要贡献，
dd convening of the fourth special session of the general assembly devoted to disarmament .	(dd) 召开大会第四届专门讨论裁军问题的特别会议。
i don't believe it !	真是不敢相信
e continue to involve all relevant stakeholders, including civil society organizations and the private sector, in accordance with the rules of procedure of the economic and social council and the accreditation procedures and modalities of participation utilized at the conference and its preparatory process .	(e) 继续按照经济及社会理事会议事规则以及会议和筹备进程中使用的与会核证程序和方式，让所有相关的利益有关者，包括民间组织和私营部门，参与这些活动。
armed aggression against the democratic republic of the congo resolution 58 316 of 1 july 2004 .6	22. 对刚果民主共和国的武装侵略（2004年7月1日第58 316号决议）。
that's why you're here .	那才是你在这里的原因
annex iv	附 件 四
it is also very important that the international community work with the national authorities in post-conflict countries, with particular attention to assisting them in building institutional capacity in their priority sectors .	同样非常重要的是，国际社会应该与冲突后国家的国家当局进行协作，特别重视帮助这些国家建立优先部门的体制能力。
it's perfect .	应该是完美
then l have eight kids .	結果洞了八個出來
- who are you going to see ? - mendocino	-你要跟谁见面吗？
b an agreement concluded after notification of the assignment between the assignor and the debtor of the receivable that affects the assignee's rights is ineffective as against the assignee unless	(b) 在发出转让通知后转让人与应收款债务人之间订立的协议影响到受让人权利的，对受让人不具效力，除非有下列任何情形：
i wanna deep six him .	我要送他"上路"
his government was continuing and expanding its policy of assisting small island developing states with their sustainable development efforts .	83. 中国政府继续深化其政策，帮助小岛屿发展中国家努力实现可持续发展。
and these hands	而这些手
hey, coach ?	嘿，教练？
- not friends . theses are my babies .	-不是朋友 这些是我的孩子
well . . . i'm a singer by trade .	我是一个歌手
by virtue of the confirmation of detention signed by atty . attorney oliver s . garcia, they were received at committed to angeles district jail as detention prisoners detainees	由于有Oliver S. Garcia检察官签字的拘留确认书，他们被送进安赫莱斯区监狱羁押起来。
at least let me tell my son .	起码让我跟我儿子说一下
listen . let me tell you something .	听着 让我告诉你一些事
this has been called for not only in the united nations, but also at meetings of the gulf cooperation council, the organization of the islamic conference and the non-aligned movement .	人们不仅在联合国，而且也在海湾合作理事会、伊斯兰会议组织和不结盟运动历次会议上提出这项要求。
hey, crank the ac .	嘿，曲柄交流。
welcoming the various initiatives to strengthen the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of counter-terrorism adopted by the united nations and regional intergovernmental bodies, as well as by states,	欢迎联合国和区域政府间组织以及各国所采取的在反恐前提下加强促进和保护人权的各项主动行动，
the concept of team was introduced and applied to all entities below the level of division .	司级以下所有实体都引入并适用“小组”的理念。
we are pleased to see that the work of the coordinating committee has strengthened the performance of the intersessional work programme .	我们高兴地看到，由于协调委员会开展的工作，闭会期间工作方案的绩效得到提高。
i'm not gonna do it in the laundry room .	我不会做 在洗衣房。
i didn't ! i didn't make him kill her !	我没有命令他杀她!
now you're told over and over, repeatedly, that desertification is only occurring in arid and semi-arid areas of the world, and that tall grasslands like this one in high rainfall are of no consequence .	这些话你们现在已经听了很多遍， 荒漠化只出现在 世界的干旱和半干旱地区， 像这样的高原 降雨量再高也没有结果。
source workforce survey, 2006, second quarter, central bureau of statistics .	表（3）：不同教育阶段每100名男生对应的女生数
is it the economy ? well, we have now the fifth-largest economy in the world in purchasing power parity terms .	又或是经济发展情况？那么，我们已是 世界第五大经济体 按平均购买力计算。
the same instruction was given to the national director of the treasury and public administration .	同一指示亦发给国库与公共行政总局局长。
it does not matter, since one is a friday and the other is a monday morning, so it does not make much difference .	这都没有关系，因为其中之一是星期五，另一个是星期一上午，所以没有多大区别。
let me see .	我看看
there are passages and empty rooms, not more .	只有走廊 而空荡荡的房间， 仅此而已的。
do you have to do that every time we meet ?	每次见面你就非得这样吗? !
and if draco should fail will you yourself carry out the deed the dark lord has ordered draco to perform ?	如果德拉科失败... And if Draco should fail... 你，能否继续完成...
baby crying	(baby crying)
all other countries should facilitate its implementation .	所有其他国家都应促进执行这项宣言。
yes, that's right .	是的 没错
in accordance with the provisions of the standard basic agreements that governed undp operations in programme countries, host governments were expected to contribute towards the cost of country offices .	56. 按照管理开发署在方案国业务活动的标准基本协议的规定，东道国政府应为国家办事处的费用提供捐助。
oh allah !	哦安拉!
sierra leone firmly believes that an equitable solution, in particular the establishment of an independent palestinian state side by side with israel within secure borders, would be a giant step towards peace and security, not only in the middle east but also in the rest of our troubled and unsafe world .	塞拉利昂坚信，实现公正的解决、尤其是成立一个在有保障的边界内同以色列并立存在的独立的巴勒斯坦国，将是一次飞跃，不仅在中东地区、而且在我们这个动荡和不安全的世界的其他地区实现和平与安全。
you expected someone else .	你以为是别人
j . membership of the working party for the medium-term plan and	(b) 通过议程和安排会议工作
the list of participants in each round-table session will be made available in due course .	10. 各次圆桌会议的与会者名单将尽早提供。
the human rights committee has stated that in order to protect non-derogable rights, the right to take proceedings before a court to enable it to decide without delay on the lawfulness of detention must not be diminished by a state's decision to derogate from the covenant .	人权事务委员会曾经指出，为了保护不得克减的权利，国家关于克减《公约》规定的决定不得缩减向法院提起诉讼从而让法院毫不迟延地对拘留的合法性作出裁决的权利。
some elements of the process could also be simplified, notably the requirement of developing concept notes to accompany the priority plan .	该进程的某些内容也可以简化，主要是可简化编写伴随优先计划一并提出的构想说明的要求。
i have no doubt that under his wise leadership our world body will certainly become even more relevant and effective in responding to the challenges facing us in the twenty-first century .	我毫不怀疑，在他明智的领导下，我们的世界组织定将在应对21世纪我们面临的挑战方面更加有用和有效。
jake, are you all right ?	雅格布，你还好吧？
item 6 . ways and means of expediting the work of the committee	项目6. 加快委员会工作的方式方法
i just spoke to your primary doctor	我只是跟您的主治医生;
but you're about to .	马上就明白了
to streamline the planning, programming and budgetary cycle and to facilitate supervision by the general assembly, the secretary-general should present for consideration and approval of the general assembly	(a) 为期至少10年的长期规划文书，其中列明与联合国使命和任务相关的议定目标，以及有助于实现这些目标的指标，并就所需资源提出总体预测，以供参考；
these issues will shape how the company operates locally, and place the business squarely in the middle of significant conflicts between international standards and local practice - where the company could be either seen as committing or being complicit in human rights violations, or in conflict with local staff or government officials .	这些问题将决定公司如何在当地运营，并使工商企业被直接夹在了国际标准同当地实践两者的重大冲突之间，在这种情况下，公司既可能被看作是侵犯人权的实施者或同谋，也可能被看作是与当地员工或政府官员不和。
the efforts of ece to work more closely with the organization for security and cooperation in europe osce were welcomed, again with a view to incorporating the elements of any future memorandum of understanding between ece and osce into the biennial programme plan for programme 16, economic development in europe, for 2006-2007 .	4. 会上乐见欧洲经委会努力加强与欧洲安全与合作组织(欧安组织)(OSCE)的合作，其目的是把未来欧洲经委会与欧安组织之间的任何备忘录的内容纳入2006-2007两年期方案计划方案16“欧洲经济发展”。
find that glitch ! destroy that cart !	找到那个突波，摧毁那辆车
it's been handled .	用我们明确
well, miss gunther, what do you do for fun around here ?	克拉伦斯小姐 你平时怎么消遣的
- go to your room, joey .	- 去你的房间，乔伊。
no !	不
but who's me ?	但你是谁？
oh, professor, could i see you for a moment, please ?	教授，我能和你说句话吗?
the response of the baby birds is immediate .	小鹅立即有反应
- hi .	- 你好
confirmed, walter, remember ?	我想知道那游戏有多有趣？ 沃尔特，你还这么记得吗？
- i can't .	- 不行
nice touch, huh ?	很不错吧？
knhcr is an independent government agency established as such by an act of parliament to promote and protect human rights, to enforce human rights policies and provide leadership in the human rights field the national commission on gender and development established under an act of parliament to promote and protect gender responsive policies and programmes for sustainable development .	国家性别和发展委员会(依据议会法案设立)。 该委员会的目标是促进和保护认识到性别差异的政策和方案，以促进可持续发展。
where have you been keeping yourself ?	你跑哪里去了 很抱歉让你一直等
if you're gonna ride me this close, it's only decent you buy me dinner .	如果你想钓我的话 最好是请我吃饭
like the sound of a great amen	就像是对主的赞颂
mathematical simulation and collision probability functions and hazard analysis are prospective topics for the group's studies .	数字模拟、碰撞概率函数和危险分析等是小组今后研究的课题。
i just listened to my heart .	我就听自己的感觉
f control of the old world screw-worm, which is prevalent in southern iraq .	(f) 对伊拉克南部流行的蛆症金蝇进行治理。
gentlemen, time to suffer .	先生們，晚飯時間到了
the committee recommends that the general assembly request the secretary-general to give priority to addressing the deficiencies pointed out by the board of auditors .	70. 审咨委建议大会请秘书长对解决审计委员会提出的短绌问题给予优先考虑。
further decides that paragraph 2 of resolution 1153 1998 shall remain in force and shall apply to the 180-day period referred to in paragraph 1 above	2. 还决定第1153(1998)号决议第2段应继续有效 并应适用于上文第1段所述的180天期间;
this convention should be reviewed and amended in order to extend the scope of application of existing or similar rules to aerospace objects .	应当对该公约进行审查和修订，以便将现有或类似规则的适用范围扩大到航空航天物体。
the group of experts regrets that certain short term recommendations were not addressed by the government at all or, in other cases, information provided was unrelated to them .	专家组感到遗憾的是，政府完全没有对某些短期建议采取行动，在另一些情况下，所提供的信息与这些建议无关。
the export competitiveness of landlocked developing countries is undermined by lack of flexibility .	12. 内陆发展中国家的出口竞争力因缺乏灵活性而受到损害。
- between 1424 and 1800 hours, an israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated lebanese airspace over the sea off tyre, circled over the regions of the south, then left over naqurah .	- 在14:24时至18:00时期间，以色列一架侦察机在蒂尔对开海面上空侵犯黎巴嫩领空，在南部区域上空盘旋，后在纳库拉上空离去；
and were you working ? no .	那你在工作吗?
lieutenant ?	中尉？
the special rapporteur did his best to undertake as soon as possible a visit to iraq in accordance with his mandate .	特别报告员竭尽全力，以求依照使命尽快访问伊拉克。
it's useless .	真没用
-i don't know .	- 不知道
yeah !	耶！
experience of the united nations office on drugs and crime	四. 联合国毒品和犯罪问题办公室的经验
he got some lunatic indian with him .	他带了一个矮子印第安人
recognizing, in this context, the importance of an enabling environment and sound economic policy at both the national and the international levels,	认识到在这一前提下，在国家和国际两级都必须具备有利的环境和健全的经济政策，
two primary schools in aswa county, gulu district of acholiland, were occupied by military forces and used for military training purposes .	135. 阿乔利族集居的古卢区Aswa县两个小学被军队占领用于作军事训练场。
my suggestion to you guys, sell the cod .	我对你们的建议是最好卖鳕鱼
for quite awhile afterwards . did they have children ?	-他们有孩子吗
well, could you at least drive me home ?	那你能送我回家么?
obviously, we would have wished that there had been more time for consultations and further opportunity to achieve a draft resolution that could be adopted by consensus .	显然，我们希望本来能有更多的时间进行协商，以及更多的机会来实现一个能够以协商一致方式通过的决议草案。
you know what ? it doesn't matter .	别提了 不要紧
no ?	不是吗?
lewis, you are not alone right now .	刘易斯，你是不是 独自现在。
sail away with me to another world	? Sail away with me to another world ?
don't piss them off .	別惹惱牠們.
ever since acsad was founded in 1971, it has contributed to agricultural development in the arab countries, including iraq .	目前，该部与其巴格达的诸多办公机构以及各省的业务中心和市政当局之间的信息传递都是靠手工完成的。
i gotta get some sleep .	好吧 别喝了
removal of subsides has been a general policy trend in the region, however some subsides are not easy to remove due to political, social and cultural constraints, for example provision of water for the agriculture sector .	235取消补贴是本区域的一项普遍政策趋势，但是由于政治、社会和文化制约因素某些补贴的取消并不容易，例如对农业部门水的供应。
trade is essential for economic growth and many participants stressed the need for a fair trading system .	3. 贸易是经济增长的必要条件，许多与会者强调，需要制定公平的贸易制度。
- he's got any sense dent's halfway to mex . . .	- 如果他够识相... 登特应该快到墨西哥了
in this connection, the committee notes that, in most cases, the secretariat has indicated its intention to accommodate the additional financial requirements from within the overall budgets concerned, reporting any additional requirements in the relevant performance reports .	关于此，委员会注意到，在大多数情况下，秘书处已表示打算从有关总预算中来消化额外的经费要求，并在有关执行情况报告中报告任何所需增加的经费。
come on, come and have a beer .	过来，过来喝听啤酒
it's been a crazy day, hasn't it ?	真是疯狂的一天，不是吗？
just tell the truth .	-还我！ 给我，出去
2 application of regime to be without prejudice to claims under international law paragraph 174, subparagraph c 2 above	(2) 制度的实施不应妨碍国际法下的求偿(第21段，(c)分段(2)小段)
- hello ?	-喂？
the election had been made possible following the 23-point agreement signed by the parties on 23 december 2007, summarized in my previous report to the council .	5. 选举之所以可能，是因为2007年12月23日各方签署了23点协议，我在上次向安理会提交的报告中概述了该协议。
maintenance of international peace and security 25 june 2007 29 january 2009 .	54. 维持国际和平与安全(2007年6月25日；2009年1月29日)。
it's fixed !	它仍然是！
if griffin's here for a game, he's either too early or too late .	如果格里芬是来看比赛的 那他不是来得太早就是太晚了
they were found to be quite ignorant about the attitude of society towards them on these issues .	经发现她们对社会在这些问题上对其所持的态度常常是无知的。
the centre is located in the development management division, and is designed to enhance civil society participation in development and governance .	该中心设在发展管理司，其目的是要加强民间社会对于发展和管理的参与。
didn't i hear you two nights ago ?	两天前晚上那是你回来了吗？
results of the meeting of the intergovernmental expert group to develop an information-gathering instrument on united nations standards and norms related primarily to victim issues	制定信息采集工具调查主要与受害人问题相关的联合国标准和规范适用情况政府间专家组会议的成果
pocket would have been better .	掌上会更好。
yes, thomas .	汤玛斯，请说
i know that .	我知道
it was pointed out that adding a reference to commercial practices would not increase the level of protection afforded to the prospective user of electronic signature techniques .	据指出，增加商业惯例的提法不会提高给予电子签字方法可能的使用者的保护水平。
development cannot be infinite .	发展也不能没有限度。
statement submitted by the secretary-general in accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the economic and social council	秘书长按照经济及社会理事会议事规则第28条提出的说明
at the same time, in a number of cases, local integration or settlement in third countries would be among the options for the settlement of refugees who, because of prevailing conditions, are unable to return home .	同时，在一些情况下，融合到地方社会中，或在第三国定居将是那些由于现存条件而无法返回本国的难民的定居选择。
your eyes are swollen, it's not worth it !	你哭到眼睛都腫了 何苦呢?
mr . majoor netherlands said that the report of the special court had in fact already been circulated .	17. Majoor先生（荷兰）说，特别法庭的报告实际上已经印发。
at a local level, a hierarchy is followed, with traditional law first, followed by teachings of the church, then civil law .	在地方，这些法律的影响力不同，影响力最大的是传统法，其次是教会教义，然后才是民法。
you're on probation .	留職查看吧
nepal	尼 泊 尔10
ghosts	搜索关键词：
this security detail's getting boring .	保全这份差事还真无聊
she couldn't stop crying for days . . .	几天九夜 一直不停地在哭 -知道了
this affront will put not only czech tolerance to the test, but also that of merkel . in the end, she will probably give in to sarkozy’s wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in september because of a conflict with the french .	这一冒犯不仅会考验捷克的容忍程度，而且也会考验默克尔。最终，她会有可能屈从于萨尔科奇的意愿以避免由于同法国冲突而危及其九月再次当选。但是她这样做肯定是心怀不满。
croatia zeljko horvatic	克罗地亚 Zeljko Horvatic
the conclusion also took note of the intention of the director-general to conclude the cooperation agreement with undp .	该结论还注意到总干事打算与开发计划署缔结合作协定。
women are far more involved than men in caring for the family, a fact that is reflected in their status on the labour market .	妇女在照顾家庭方面承担的责任比男子多得多，这一事实反映在她们在劳动力市场中的地位上。
steps must be taken by states parties to the maximum of their available resources to ensure that the social security systems cover workers inadequately protected by social security, including part-time workers, casual workers, the self-employed and homeworkers .	33. 缔约国必须采取措施，尽最大的努力确保，社会保障制度覆盖未得到充分社会保障保护的工作者，其中包括兼职工、临时工、自雇人员以及在家工作者。
it doesn't matter, she'll die anyway with all the rest .	没关系，反正她会死... 和其他乘客一起
these are nervous system fissures, stomach wall defects, certain serious heart defects, defects of the urogenital system and chromosomal abnormalities primarily down's syndrome .	这些缺陷是神经系统组织、胃壁缺陷、某些严重心脏缺陷、泌尿生殖系统缺陷和染色体异常(主要是唐恩综合症)。
i do .	我相信
. . .herr klimt	克林姆先生
the oic member states supported tunisia's initiative to elaborate by consensus an international counter-terrorism code of conduct within the framework of the united nations all member states were called on to support the initiative when it was placed before the general assembly .	32. 伊斯兰会议组织成员国赞成突尼斯的倡议：在联合国框架内，以协商一致方式拟订一项国际反恐行为守则；要求所有的会员国，在这个倡议向大会提出的时候，予以支持。
believing that further efforts are therefore required to promote and protect the right to freedom of thought, conscience, religion and belief and to eliminate all forms of hatred, intolerance and discrimination based on religion or belief,	认为因此必须进一步作出努力 以促进和保护思想、良心、宗教和信仰自由的权利并消除基于宗教或信仰原因的一切形式的仇恨、不容忍和歧视
it's so gorgeous .	什麼？ 新英格蘭美呆了
- okay ? - go ! - okay .	你不想抓这个孩子
i remember one captain who was quite loath to having an unaccompanied woman on board .	我曾经遇到过一个船长 他看我一个女人家独自旅行 很不情愿地才载了我一程
under the draft guide, a security right is created by agreement between the grantor and the secured creditor see a cn .9 631, recommendation 12 .	24. 指南草案规定，担保权由设保人和有担保债权人之间订立的协议设定（见A CN.9 631，建议12）。
the committee adopted a decision calling on unhcr, governments and other stakeholders to pursue efforts to ensure adequate nutrition for refugees annex iv .	委员会通过了一项决议呼吁难民署、各国政府和其他利益攸关方继续努力，确保难民充分的营养(附件四)。
god didn't do this .	又不是上帝干的
finally, i take this opportunity to launch an appeal to the international community for increased aid to my country to help us to continue to better support and manage the burden stemming from the massive and prolonged presence of refugees .	最后，我借此机会呼吁国际社会增加对我国的援助，帮助我们继续更好地支撑和控制由难民的大批和长期存在而产生的负担。
it's so frothy, how can we drink it ? just try it	-这么多泡，能喝吗？
gender-related targets were incorporated annually into plans for the workforce, education and other sectors .	每年都将与性别问题有关的目标纳入劳工、教育和其他部门的计划。
- i was in the neighbourhood .	- 我是在附近。
first i'd like to go to the hotel .	我要先回一趟賓館
you participated in it ?	你有参加那个比赛吗
but that was my first mistake .	但那是我犯的第一个错误
according to the administering power, education in the falkland islands malvinas is free and compulsory for all children between the ages of 5 and 16 .	34. 根据管理国所述，福克兰群岛（马尔维纳斯）所有5至16岁的儿童均享受免费义务教育。
could you tell us what happened ?	能告诉我到底发生了什么事吗
- i've seen it . i've seen it !	- 我看见它了，我看见它了！
and i had to get plastic surgery for an upcoming role where i play a man much more handsome than myself .	我为了正要扮演的角色去整了容 整的比本人还要帅
okay, here we go .	好了 出发
as at 1 september 2008, the initial review had been completed for 36 out of 39 parties included in annex b to the kyoto protocol annex b parties .	47. 截至2008年9月1日，已完成了对39个《京都议定书》附件B所列缔约方(附件B缔约方)中36个缔约方的初始审评。
programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007	2006-2007两年期方案预算
- from where ?	-从哪儿来?
aren't you getting it ?	你沒得到想要的?
so i'm asking you, believe in yourselves . believe in each other .	璶叫 產 獺 獺
- get dressed when they're told ?	我可以进来吗？
ok .	好了
my dad's always late and my mom, i think she went out too .	媽媽似乎出去了
i'm coming back .	我会回来的
i will never kiss another man other than my husband .	除了我的丈夫 我绝不亲吻任何男人
all right . maybe we hang out at maternity wards .	好吧 或许我们该去产房盯着
under the terms of operative paragraphs 4, 5, 7 and 8 of draft resolution a c .1 62 l .24, the general assembly would	1． 根据决议草案A C.1 62 L.24执行部分第4、5、7和8段规定，大会将：
the general assembly,	大会，
based on the findings, a national action plan had been drawn up to combat all forms of child abuse, including the commercial sexual exploitation of children .	基于研究结果起草了国家行动计划以打击一切形式的虐待儿童行为，包括对儿童进行商业性剥削。
ensuring family reunification or alternative care for children separated from their families, protection against sexual exploitation and military recruitment and access to education have been identified as strategic priorities .	确保与家人分散的儿童家庭团聚或获得其他方式的照顾，保护他们不受性剥削和被征当兵，让他们有机会接受教育，都被确定为战略优先事项。
hi, dr . metzger .	嗨 梅茨格医生
my dad days there's something happening here	我覺得這裡一定發生了什麼事情
2 .6 .7 written form	2.6.7 书面形式 88
the weakness is the flesh . the flesh, the flesh .	肉体是软弱的，肉体，肉体
i've been given a position, didn't ask for it .	我被授予一个职位 并不是我要求的
choice .	选择
let me tell you something .	我告诉你
go . . . go away !	都走... 走啊!
questionnaire on possible legal issues with regard to aerospace objects replies from member states	关于航空航天物体可能涉及的法律问题的调查表：会员国的答复
on that basis, kuwait states that the net present value of damage to its shoreline resources amounts to 1,402 .6 discounted service hectare years dshy .	405. 据此，小组不赔偿这一索赔单元。
cutting ?	开刀？
-what's he doing ?	他在干嘛？
previous oios audits of the un-habitat settlement rehabilitation programme in northern iraq identified instances of mismanagement that required urgent attention, but many of the previously reported audit recommendations had not been implemented at the time of the follow-up review by oios .	监督厅以前对人居署在伊拉克北部居住区重建项目进行审计时，指出了一些亟待重视的管理不善问题，但是，以前报告所载的许多审计建议，在监督厅进行后续审查时仍然没有得到执行。
the names of the perpetrators and victims of such terrorism are known by all, whether the murder of count bernadotte or the massacres at qibia, deir yassin, qana, jenin and gaza .	这些恐怖行为的罪魁祸首和受害者是世人皆知的，Bernadotte伯爵遭到暗杀，基卜亚、代尔亚辛、Qana、杰宁和加沙等地发生大屠杀。
from 2 to 6 august 1999, the authority held a workshop on proposed technologies for deep seabed mining .	50． 1999年8月2日至6日，管理局举办了讨论提议的深海底采矿技术讲习班。
it is essential, however, that the council receive the most accurate information and the best analysis if it is to make wise decisions regarding the establishment or extension of mission mandates .	然而，至关重要的是安理会获得最确切的信息和最佳分析，以便对确定特派团任务或延长特派团任务期限作出明智的决定。
you can't be serious . we have clear evidence .	你别开玩笑了，我这儿可是有确实的证据
sorry if there was a misunderstanding .	你必须要谅解
this statement on behalf of the eu is on the issue of negative security assurances .	本次代表欧洲联盟发言是要谈关于消极安全保障问题。
this organization attended the annual assembly of the annual assembly of ngos in new york, 28-30 august 2000 .	E C.2 2001 2 Add.14
several delegations suggested that greater involvement of civil society at large would ensure the long-term success of ppps .	若干代表团建议，加强整个民间社会的参与，能确保公私伙伴关系的长期成功。
go on . come on, sean, sit next to me .	快来Sean， 坐在我旁边
what kind of natives ?	什么样的土人？
you're a lot like pip .	你和匹普很像
give the support personnel mainly court clerks and secretarial and clerical staff the technical skills necessary to fulfil their functions use of information technology and court-specific work procedures .	向支助工作人员（主要是法庭书记员和文员秘书）提供履行职责的必要技术技能（使用信息技术和采用法庭特定的工作程序）。
2 .3 .9 electric and electronic parts	2.3.9 电气和电子零部件
- ok .	- 好
and we've . . . we've dealt with our share of surprises and made a lot of sacrifices, but we stayed together .	没错 人生充满意外 我们牺牲很多，但患难与共
we recognize that hiv aids, malaria, tuberculosis and other infectious diseases pose severe risks for the entire world and serious challenges to the achievement of development goals .	19. 我们确认艾滋病毒 艾滋病、疟疾、结核病和其他传染病是对全世界的严重威胁，也是实现发展目标的严重挑战。
they say you actually feel like you're flying .	他们说，你实际上 感觉像你飞。
the proponents of enhanced voluntary measures argue that the global challenges of mercury are extremely complex and involve many aspects .	13．增强自愿性措施的支持者们认为全球面临的汞挑战极其复杂，并且涉及许多方面。
objectives	定 义
cuba is what you made it .	古巴是你们造成的
these contributions demonstrate new zealand's firm commitment to support the afghan interim authority and the afghan people in their reconstruction efforts after nearly two decades of tragic war and upheaval .	这些贡献表明了新西兰支持阿富汗临时政府和阿富汗人民在将近二十年的战争悲剧与动乱后的重建努力的坚定承诺。
in the same paragraph, the general assembly outlined the financial procedure to be followed to ensure the availability of the necessary resources for implementation .	在同一段内，大会简述应遵循的财务程序，以确保实施项目有必要的资源。
wally, what is wrong with you ?	胡莱，你有何问题
army officers shout that mossadeg has surrendered and his regime as virtual dictator of iran has ended .	陆军军官宣布摩萨台已经投降 他实质上的独裁统治结束了.
red, yellow, green, purple .	红色 黄色 绿色 紫色
the secretary-general's report has not made any suggestions on how non-state actors are to be held accountable .	秘书长报告没有就如何追究非国家行动方责任提出任何建议。
how can they, the council, destroy the house of mike ?	他们 委员会 怎么能拆了迈克的房子？
- he scores !	- 得分了!
good .	很好 Good.
in 2009, one such meeting has been held with the oas general secretariat and one with the european commission and european council secretariat another european union session is scheduled for autumn 2009 .	2009年，与美洲组织总秘书处举行了一次这样的会议，与欧洲联盟委员会及其秘书处举行一次会议，定于2009年秋季与欧洲联盟举行另一次会议。
13 31-p on the review and rationalization of agenda items and resolutions of the oic, all resolutions previously adopted by the icfm are considered to be in force and are not required to be listed on regular basis resolution no .	伊拉克局势
do you have children, detective ?	警探，你有小孩嗎？
as we decide on this aspect of the reform, we should bear in mind that one of its main purposes is to increase the efficiency of the security council, which includes, inter alia, its capability to take timely decisions, especially when it is dealing with situations under chapter vii of the charter and in cases of humanitarian disaster .	在解决改革的这个问题时，我们应铭记，改革的主要目的之一是提高安全理事会的效率，除其它以外，这包括及时作出决定的能力，特别是在其根据《宪章》第七章以及在人道主义灾难情况下处理局势时及时作出决定的能力。
thirdly, peacebuilding will not happen unless there is genuine national ownership .	第三，除非各国真正当家作主，否则就不会有建设和平。
the way forward	三. 前进的途径
i'm a walking punch line .	我步行妙语。
transfer of technology	技术转让
see you out back ?	回来见？
i kindly request that the present letter and its annex be circulated as a document of the general assembly, under agenda items 49 and 70 .	请将本信及其附件作为大会议程项目49和70的文件分发为荷。
you don't know what's going on here .	你根本不瞭解状况
it is what it is .	面对事实吧
all right, get him up .	把他抬回酒店去
k the united nations millennium declaration, in particular paragraph 9 thereof,	(k) 《联合国千年宣言》 特别是其中的第9段，
consistent with this, jordan pledges to follow up and, where appropriate, implement their recommendations at the same time stands ready to cooperate with all mandate holders in the promotion and protection of human rights .	根据这一情况，约旦保证跟进并酌情实施特别程序的建议，同时随时准备在促进和保护人权方面与所有任务执行人合作。
what's he talking about ?	他在说什么
pre-session documentation was provided to both committees in an increasingly timely fashion, within time constraints imposed by the general assembly .	两个委员会得到的会前文件服务的按时完成率越来越高，没有超过大会规定的截止日期。
i don't wanna go to yoga .	不想去瑜伽。
you give india a bad name	你在给印度人脸上抹黑
in its concluding observations para . 25 , the committee on economic, social and cultural rights recommended the adoption of relevant legislation to ensure that disabled persons had greater access to the labour market .	67. 经济、社会、文化权利委员会在结论性意见(第25段)中建议通过相关立法确保让更多的残疾人能够进入劳力市场。
no, it means, it means,	不，它的意思是
i feel like i got pressure on my chest .	我胸部感到有压力
although the competition has just started,	但是 较量才刚刚开始
it was straight up, 45-degree angle .	这是直线上升， 45度角。
the security council held a public meeting on 24 november to consider the strengthening of cooperation between the united nations system and the central african subregion in the maintenance of peace and security .	11月24日，安全理事会举行公开会议，审议联合国系统与中部非洲分区域如何加强合作，维护分区域的和平与安全。
uh . . .	嗯...
production value .	大制作！
why don't we keep kissing for a bit, instead of . . . ?	我们再吻一会儿，不好吗？
as a result, the panel finds that this claim element is overstated by at least usd 20,000,000 .	因此小组认为，这项索赔内容高估了至少20 000 000美元。
- not at all .	请便
yes . why not ?	是啊 为什么不?
core or regular non-conditional voluntary funding in many organizations has fallen far behind the projections made by the member states, for example, in the executive boards of united nations funds and programmes, while non-core or earmarked funding has grown .	许多组织得到的不附带条件的核心或经常自愿资金远远低于会员国例如在联合国各基金和方案执行局所作的预测，而非核心或专用资金却有增加。
iii financial statements should include clear and concise disclosure of all significant accounting policies that have been used	财务报表应明确扼要地披露所采用的所有重要会计政策；
lacey stubbs met you at the door with a bloody face, saying . . .	莱西・斯塔布在门口遇见了你 说出事了 Lacey Stubbs met you at the door with a bloody face saying...
have fear of god and obey me .	你們應當敬畏真主之名，應當服從我。
become an intern for project get wells soon .	成为实习生 项目"获得威尔斯很快。"
countries with similar forest conditions have come together in nine regional processes on criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management, involving some 150 countries that represent 85 per cent of the world's forests .	森林状况相同的国家共同开展了九个关于可持续森林管理标准和指标的区域进程，拥有世界85 森林的约150个国家参与了这些进程。
what is the next step ?	接下来会怎样？
the committee is also concerned at the obstacles faced by women in gaining access to adequate health services, including those aimed at preventing cancer .	该国妇女难以获得必要的医疗服务，包括抗癌方面的帮助，这也是委员会关切之处。
a number of states in latin america had participated in training provided by member states of the european union .	一些拉丁美洲国家参加了欧洲联盟成员国提供的培训。
in a sample of 13 oecd countries, firm-level data showed that the use of icts can help firms increase their market share, expand their product range, better adapt their products to demand, reduce inventories and help firms integrate activities throughout the value chain oecd, 2003 . some of the key findings emerging from these firm-level studies are that	在对13个经合组织国家的取样中，企业一级的数据显示，使用信通技术有助于企业扩大市场份额，拓宽产品范围，使其产品更好地满足需求，减少库存并有助于企业按照价值链整合活动(OECD 2003)。
once the tender process was complete, the secretariat would proceed to the next stage, and would embark upon a construction contract on receiving the approval of the general assembly of the revised total estimated cost .	一旦招标程序完成，秘书处将着手下一阶段，并将在得到大会对订正费用估计数总额的核准后启动建筑合同。
go !	快!
the committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods and on the globally harmonized system of classification and labelling of chemicals recommends to the economic and social council the adoption of the following draft resolution	1. 危险货物运输和全球化学品统一分类标签制度专家委员会建议经济及社会理事会通过以下决议草案：
lie number two .	第二个谎话
we proceed from the assumption that the united nations should draw up a clear-cut list of priority directions in ensuring international security and generate programmes to overcome real threats to mankind .	联合国在确保国际安全方面应该制订一系列明确的优先方向，并形成各种方案克服人类所面临的现实威胁，我们正是从这一设想出发办事的。
yes, jo, he's here . oh !	是的 乔 他在这里 Yes Jo he's here.
the complainant was handed over to the spanish authorities on the day on which the council of state took its decision to reject her appeal against the decree, on 7 november 2001 .	行政法院2001年11月7日的决定驳回她对法令的上诉，同一天申诉人被移交西班牙当局。
how did you find us ?	嘿！ 你怎么找到我们的？
we shall provide more detailed comments on the various issues before this session under the respective agenda items .	我们将在相应的议程项目下，就摆在本届会议面前的各种问题发表更详细的看法。
he acknowledged in particular mr . vetere's dedication and commitment to the implementation of standards and norms, his diplomatic skills, his charisma and cooperative spirit, which encouraged the highest integrity and most professional behaviour among all those who crossed his path .	他特别感谢Vetere先生对执行这些标准和规范所表现出来的奉献和执著精神、外交技巧、个人魅力和协作精神，这一切鼓励所有同他打过交道的人竭诚努力，追求最高的职业操守。
-even if you pay ?	-给钱也不行?
in this regard, its examination of the achievements of the decade took into account the proposal made by the movement of the non-aligned countries at its thirteenth ministerial conference, held in cartagena de indias, colombia, on 8 and 9 april 2000 .	在这方面，委员会审查十年的成就时注意到2000年4月8日和9日在哥伦比亚卡塔赫纳德印第亚斯举行的不结盟国家运动第十三届部长会议提出的提案。
29 july- 6 august 2008	2008年7月29日至8月6日
go !	走！
the advisory committee recommends against approval of the board's recommendation, as it is of the view that it would be a violation of the long-standing and accepted principle of income replacement, which is embodied in the fund and has been upheld by the general assembly see resolution 62 241, para .	20. 咨询委员会建议不批准联委会的建议，因为委员会认为这有悖于基金所体现的并为大会一贯坚持的收入折合养恤金这一长期、公认的原则(见大会第62 241号决议，第9段)。
18 . the commission condemns all breaches of international humanitarian law arising from the conflict in colombia and calls for respect of the humanitarian principles of distinction, limitation, proportionality and immunity of the civilian population .	“18. 委员会谴责在哥伦比亚的冲突中出现的一切违反国际人道主义法的行为，呼吁遵守区别对待、有限度、相称和不伤害平民等人道主义原则。
second, continued efforts to improve the dissemination of investment opportunities could include the production of investment guides, benchmarking tools such as the investment compass and projects related to good governance in investment promotion .	其次，继续努力改进投资机会传播状况的工作可以包括编制投资指南，基准制定工具（如“投资罗盘”等），以及执行与投资促进方面的优政相关的项目等。
what followed was one of the most emotional and powerful scenes the frozen planet team were ever to film .	接下来是冰冻星球摄制组拍摄到的 最让人动情和震撼的场景
mama, it ain't long 'fo' day	妈妈 时光短暂
a recorded vote was taken on draft resolution a c .3 61 l .42 .	82. 会议对决议草案A C.3 61 L.42进行记录表决。
the report's recommendation that access to technology needed to be guaranteed to farmers and small urban producers and that adequate systems should be developed to generate and adapt appropriate technologies and disseminate them among small producers should be implemented as a matter of priority .	报告建议应该保证农民和城市小生产者能够获得技术，建立适当的体系，开发和运用适当的技术并且在小生产者中间进行传播技术，这一建议应该得到优先实施。
small but powerful . like the heart, if you will .	象个心脏，小但是有威力
reaffirming its commitment to the declaration of commitment on hiv aids, in which it decided, inter alia, to devote sufficient time and at least one full day of the annual session of the general assembly to reviewing and debating a report of the secretary-general,	重申执行《关于艾滋病毒 艾滋病问题的承诺宣言》 的承诺，大会在该宣言中除其他外，决定大会年度会议拨出充分时间，至少是一整天，来审查和讨论秘书长的报告，
the ethics training programme was designed to assist staff in observing undp standards of conduct in the workplace .	道德操守培训方案的目的在于协助工作人员遵守开发署工作场所行为标准。
the general assembly,	大会
you have made the most excellent judgment .	你做了正确的决定
the committee noted that development disparities and demographic pressures had spurred international migration in the asian and pacific region .	委员会注意到，发展的差异和人口压力已在亚洲及太平洋区域引起国际迁徙。
it is now proposed to establish 42 additional posts of interpreter national general service for the provision of interpretation services in local languages, french and english for these 1,666 military and police personnel at a ratio of 1 interpreter per 40 military or police personnel .	现在拟议增设42个口译员额（本国一般事务），为这些1 666名军事人员和警察提供口译服务（地方语言、法语和英语），比例为每40个军事人员或警察有1名口译。
http www .ted .com talks newton aduaka tells the story of ezra .html	http: www.ted.com talks lang zh-cn newton aduaka tells the story of ezra.html
the beijing declaration of the second gef assembly, held in beijing, china, during 16-18 october 2002, welcomed the 2 .966 billion replenishment of the gef for the four-year period 2003-2006 . it also adopted several decisions, including the following	5. 2002年10月16至18日在中国北京举行的环境融资机制第二届大会的《北京宣言》欢迎为2003至2006四年期给环境融资机制补充29.66亿美元。
you not buying ?	你不买？
schedule 3 of the report provides detailed information on the operational rates of exchange in 2000 for all main duty stations .	2 该报告附表3提供关于所有主要工作地点2000年业务汇率的详细资料。
-you . i know what you're doing .	你啊 我知道你想干嘛
power connection, tiny scuff marks around the edge of it .	电源插口周围有一些磨损
the council heard a briefing by mr . annabi .	安理会听取了阿纳比先生的情况介绍。
i've good news for you	我告訴你一個好消息
-shh !	嘘！
6 .1 in a further reply, the state party emphasizes that the recent constitutional amendments affecting education in quebec and newfoundland do not bring about the remedy sought by the author of equivalent funding for all religious schools .	6.1 在进一步的答复中，缔约国强调说，最近影响魁北克和纽芬兰教育的宪法修正案并未带来提交人所寻求的同等资助所有教会学校的补救办法。
hi, honey .	嗨，亲爱的
participation at the regional level was reported by some parties arg, arm, kor, mex, ury, zwe in considerable detail see table 22 .	有的缔约方(阿根廷、亚美尼亚、大韩民国、墨西哥、乌拉圭、津巴布韦)相当详细地报告了在区域一级的参与(见表22)。
international tropical timber agreement, 2006 . geneva, 27 january 2006	《2006年国际热带木材协定》，2006年1月27日，日内瓦
statement on the report of the sharm el sheikh fact finding committee issued on 22 may 2001 by the presidency of the european union on behalf of the european union	2001年5月22日欧洲联盟主席以欧洲联盟名义 就沙姆沙伊赫实况调查委员会报告发表的声明
- that's all .	就这么多
b report of the credentials committee .	(b) 全权证书委员会的报告。
interesting puzzle you present .	你摆的迷魂阵挺有趣
as per decision 2006 36, the finalized programmes would be posted on the website within six weeks of the discussion and would be approved at the first regular session of the executive board .	按照第2006 36号决定，方案定稿将于讨论前六个星期内贴上网站，并将于执行局第一届常会予以核可。
adopted on 15 september 2004	2004年9月15日通过
who, me ?	- 我吗？ - 取得宇宙背景的放射
ah, and this little peach, she's looking more and more like her grandmother .	这是妳最爱吃的 啊，看看这小可爱
- thank you . - it's not much, but . . .	谢谢 不那么贵重 但...
under the new legal regulations, an advisory board on the status of women was formed with the participation of representatives from public agencies, non-governmental organizations and universities to help ksgm perform its policy making and coordination duties more effectively .	依照这项新的法律条例，土耳其建立了一个由来自公共机构、非政府组织和大学的代表组成的“妇女地位咨询理事会”，协助妇女地位总局更有效地履行在政策制定和组织协调方面的职责。
monitoring and predicting the onset of the indian summer monsoon is another application with high impact on the socio-economic conditions of the entire country .	监测 预测印度夏季季风的开始则是另外一项应用，印度夏季季风对于整个国家的社会-经济状况具有重大影响。
objective 2 . improvement of accounting methodology and the ability to produce expenditure reports .	目标2. 改进会计方法和编制支出报告的能力。
- national assembly 10 per cent	该文本确立了妇女与男子平等享有自然资源使用权的原则。
will you wait for me ?	你会等着我吗
note by the secretariat	秘书处的说明
now, uh, i need your e-sig . . .	你知道，物业明智的。 现在，呃，我需要你的电子信号.
signature spain 13 december 2000	签署：西班牙（2001年12月13日）
under that same article, the government of cambodia has undertaken to make its best endeavours to obtain such ratification by the earliest possible date .1	根据同一条，柬埔寨王国政府已保证尽最大努力使《协定》尽早得到批准。
giselle, giselle, how about this for your statue ? - oh, this will be perfect .	Giselle Giselle 這個給塑像裝上怎么樣?
in the name of god nana and his haunts ?	为什么他要折磨奶妈？
the assistant-secretary general and special adviser on gender issues and advancement of women addressed the members and a briefing was held with the united states ambassador to the united nations .	助理秘书长兼性别问题和提高妇女地位特别顾问向成员致词，并与美国驻联合国大使一起做了简报。
he received a higher percentage of a lower turnout than in 1997 .	和1997年相比，他当选的可能性更大了，但票数却减少了。
you think it's twisted ?	是吗？
yourself . yourself !	你自己 你自己!
undp is currently the principal recipient in 24 countries, managing 58 grants .	开发署目前是24个国家的主要接受者，管理58笔赠款。
welcomes progress made by minustah in communications and public outreach strategy, and requests it to continue these activities	25. 欣见联海稳定团在执行传播和公众宣传战略方面取得进展，并请它继续进行这些活动；
we need to be more effective in disseminating the results of our work to others and in building better bridges to the other programmes within our mandate .	我们需要提高工作效率，向其他人通报我们工作的结果，在我们的职责范围内与其它方案建立更好的联系。
did, uh, mancini really throw a bottle at you ?	Mancini真的朝你扔水瓶了吗?
this figure represents more than one per cent of the world's population .	这个数字超过了世界人口的1 。
can't speak .	千万别说 Can't speak.
giuseppe and carbone vanished before my eyes .	朱赛佩和卡波在我眼前消失了
'cause i was there .	因为我去过那儿
letter dated 7 february 2005 from the permanent representative of switzerland to the united nations addressed to the chairman of the counter-terrorism committee	2005年2月7日瑞士常驻联合国代表给反恐怖主义委员会主席的信
the secretariat's annotations, contained in section ii, are intended to provide essential background information covering the provisional agenda items, together with a brief description of the relevant documentation .	第二节所载的秘书处说明提供有关临时议程项目的基本背景资料，并简要介绍有关文件。
the chairman said that it would be .	57. 主席说，该文件将被提到。
stresses the obligation of all member states to comply fully with the measures imposed by resolution 733 1992	1. 强调所有会员国均有义务全面遵守第733（1992）号决议所定措施；
great house, bro . your room is way cool .	谢谢，你去过我房间了
conclusions 74-79 17	六、结 论74 - 79 18
d unido will undertake an assessment of whether industrial activities in developed and developing countries have converged on or diverged from sustainable development targets over the past decade .	(d) 工发组织将评估发达国家和发展中国家的工业活动在过去十年来是共同致力于还是偏离了可持续发展的目标。
this may be problematic in the case of procuring states, since they may have limited access to information on the launch technology and may therefore find it difficult to quantify reasonable risks, may see little benefit in encouraging launch activities and may have limited ability to supervise the launch .	就促使发射国而言，这可能成问题，因为它们可能对有关发射技术的情报了解有限，因此可能发现难以量化合理的风险，可能在鼓励发射活动方面看不到好处并且对发射的监督能力可能有限。
have you ever sat at the deathbed of a statistical life ? statistical lives are what politicians save, or let die, or kill, when they decide on resource allocations for health care .	你是否看到过统计生命的行将就木？在政治家决定医疗拨款时，就确定了“统计生命”是重归生天、自生自灭、还是加速死亡。
and if the student still doesn't recognize the stamp this was molded from, it helpfully explains to you what sample problem you can return to to find the formula .	如果学生们不知道这类数学题模式， 而它会帮助向你解释例题， 什么样题你可以返回去找出公式。
it's something different with my people . one man, maybe two may disappear .	对于我们来说是不同的 一个人 也可以是两个人消失
maintaining basic safety nets is essential in order to make progress on the mdgs, especially at a time of economic crisis .	重要的是维持基本的安全网络，以从而在千年发展目标方面取得进展，在经济危机之时尤其如此。
a the same right to enter into marriage	a） 有相同的缔婚权利；
so you see, the bases of corruption is in our society	由此可见，堕落的根源在我们的社会里
have we arrived yet ?	我们到了没？
germans are hunting down indiscriminately .	德国人现在不分青红皂白地搜捕
- of our love . - mike, will you shut up ?	-象征我们之间的爱
it's pathetic !	讨厌 ！
this is in keeping with article 3 of the mou, which identifies pilot projects at the regional and national levels as the best means of defining, in a practical manner, the type of collaboration and interaction that should happen between parties .	这是符合备忘录第3条规定的，即鉴定在区域和国家一级的试验项目是以实在的方式规定缔约方之间合作和交流形式的最好手段。
a number of specific mechanisms for ensuring development cooperation resources were effectively utilized in the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women were reported .	77. 据报告，在促进两性平等和赋权妇女方面有效利用了确保发展合作资源的具体机制。
welcomes the plan of action entitled association of south-east asian nations and china cooperative operations in response to dangerous drugs , known as accord, endorsed by the international congress	3. 欢迎这次国际会议所核准的题为“东南亚国家联盟与中国合作行动对付危险毒品”(ACCORD)的行动计划；
follow this officer .	你们跟着这位长官 他会带你们装备
go, go, go ! - no, not the cage !	- 不，我不要藏在笼子里！
by the department of political affairs, the office of human resources management, the office of legal affairs .	由政治事务部、人力资源管理厅和法律事务厅进行。
working group ii arbitration and conciliation had nearly completed its first reading of the revised uncitral arbitration rules .	4. 第二工作组（仲裁与和解）已基本完成《贸易法委员会仲裁规则》修订版的一读。
okay ?	好吗
prove it .	证明自己吧
a report of the first committee a 62 392, para . 25, draft resolution iv	(a) 第一委员会的报告（A 62 392，第25段，决议草案四）
particularly when she first meets the duo de nemours .	尤其当她第一次遇见内穆尔公爵
steve, can you open the window, i feel sick	Steve，你能开开窗吗，我觉得有点恶心
somebody took you out, boss man ?	老大，被打败了吗？
left . . .	左...
exceptional session	特别会议
um, in case you haven't noticed, obviously, the map led to squat .	你们还没发现吗？ 很明显... 这地图错了
regulations were issued governing the advertising of cigarettes and alcoholic beverages, and it was stipulated that packs and bottles containing these substances must contain warnings concerning the health of people that used them .	关于宣传香烟和酒类饮料公布了管制条例，规定含有这种物质的盒子或瓶子必须标明关于使用它们的人民健康警告的文字。
be right there .	我马上来
what are you talking about, mom ?	你是什么 谈论妈妈吗？
all you gotta do is show up .	你只用到时候出现就行了
no one touched the stove in some time .	炉子有挺久没碰过了 no one touched the stove in some time.
the gambia is seeking inclusion in the kimberley process .	163. 动荡导致的经济活动的衰退也产生了重大影响。
the commission has instead wished to focus on the substantive question - the splitting up of the law into highly specialized boxes that claim relative autonomy from each other and from the general law .	委员会希望把重点放在实质性问题上 法律被分裂成高度专业化的、彼此之间以及与一般法之间相对自治的“盒子”。
the court also noted that the notice must be specifically directed to the seller .	法院还指出，通知必须具体针对卖方。
management reduced inputs and outputs	管理：投入和产出减少
but the design was driven by a need to be quick, cheap, safe, respectful, flexible .	但是这个设计一直考虑到快速，廉价，安全，庄严和灵活性方面的需求。
signed j . d . semambo kalema	临时代办
we are ready for new leadership .	我们随时准备建立新的领导。
jonas, you don't just turn up places on a whim .	乔纳斯，你不该心血来潮 说来就来。
they'd even sell their fathers .	他们能把自己老爸都卖了
those of you who have been in this position before will appreciate the complexity, intensity - and sometimes even frustration - of this task .	以前担任过主席的那些人了解这一任务的复杂、紧张、有时甚至是烦恼。
- we bring no rum . - you're lying !	我们没有带朗姆酒 你们在说谎
having a dialogue does not mean tolerating misdeeds, nor does it mean any complicity with criminals, who must be punished .	举行对话并不意味着容忍不良行为，也不意味着与必须受到惩罚的罪犯的任何合谋。
but lucky for us, we still had the heli .	但走运的是 我们还有直升机
awe shit !	混蛋 你到底想怎么样
introduction	一. 导言
but those whom we have surpassed with the finest rank from us shall be far removed from it,	曾蒙我最优的待遇者，将远离火狱，
further recognizing that the kyoto protocol has not created or bestowed any right, title or entitlement to emissions of any kind on parties included in annex i which may affect the consideration of, or decision-making on, commitments for subsequent commitment periods,	进一步认识到《京都议定书》并没有在排放量方面对附件一所列缔约方规定或赋予可能影响有关以后承诺期的承诺的审议或决定的任何权利、所有权或应有资格，
-yeah, i bet you will . - how's the tummy ?	有多少时间
this concludes our business for today .	今天的会议到此结束。
mr . ryan the committee established pursuant to resolution 864 1993 concerning the situation in angola was, of course, dissolved last week by the security council on adoption of resolution 1448 2002 .	瑞安先生（以英语发言）：当然，安全理事会上星期已经通过第1448（2002）号决议，解散了按照有关安哥拉局势的第864（1993）号决议所设立的委员会。
well, cheers .	干个杯吧
now we are closed .	没问题 现在我们下班了
well, you heard exactly what i said .	我的话你都听到了
groans jesus .	呻吟 jesus。
report of the board of auditors	已审计财务报表
the overarching policy strategy provides that financial arrangements for the strategic approach include, among other things	(a) 在国家或国内省市各级采取相应的行动，支持为实现《化管战略方针》的各项目标筹措资金；
it welcomed the scoping paper prepared by the ipcc .	它欢迎气专委编写的问题范围文件。
the commercialization of fisheries had thus become a priority for the three-year plan .	使捕鱼业商业化因而成为三年计划的优先任务。
this demonstrates the crucial need to take into consideration global economic trends when diversifying economic activities .	这表明，在实现经济活动多样化时，关键是必须考虑到全球经济趋势。
work backwards, michael .	往回想呀 麥克
it would build on the experiences of regional consultative processes and work closely with the recently established global migration group .	该论坛将依靠区域协商进程的经验，并与最近成立的全球移徙问题小组密切合作。
don't kill him !	- 别杀他!
okay, dude .	好吧 伙计
contents	目录
the mandate of the special rapporteur on the human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people is well recognized and established and this will presumably lead to the continuation of this procedure in the council .	土著人民人权和基本自由情况特别报告员的职权范围已得到充分确认和确立，可以肯定，这将使这一特别报告员程序在理事会中继续存在。
but we have to go . oh . um . sure .	哦对 是要走了
c in view of their importance to national policy, statistics on emissions should become part of the regular production and dissemination process of official statistics at the national level with appropriate institutional arrangements, even if the national statistical offices are not the formal reporting agency to unfccc or the publisher at the national level	(c) 鉴于排放量统计数据对于国家政策的重要性，即便各国家统计局并非《联合国气候变化框架公约》的正式报告机构或国家一级的出版机构，这些数据也应当通过适当的机构安排成为定期编制和传播国家一级官方统计数据过程中的一个组成部分。
see paragraph 4 above .	见上文第4段
it is expected that identification and registration will help facilitate acquisition of nationality, as was achieved for 558 stateless persons there in 2008 .	预计确认和登记将有助于便利无国籍人取得国籍，2008年558名无国籍人因此而获得国籍。
is there any reason why someone else would be in possession	你有把身份证
fight me and the forest spirit will never come .	在这里打斗的话，麒麟兽是不会现身的
in 1977, the ccaq set up a working group to prepare a common response to the recommendations contained in the jiu note .	3. 1977年，行政咨委会设立了一个工作组，以便就联检组报告中提出的建议拟定共同的答复。
in addition, it ensures that there are effective synergies between them and eca substantive divisions at headquarters .	此外，它还确保与非洲经委会总部各实务司之间的有效协同。
no one's waiting up for you .	没人在等你啊。
in a world of interconnected threats and challenges, it is in each country's self-interest that all of them are addressed effectively .	18. 在一个威胁与挑战互为关联的世界中，有效地应对所有威胁和挑战，符合每个国家自身的利益。
that shameful and repugnant trade constituted the worst of attacks on the dignity of the human person, as did its continuation, colonization .	奴隶制这一可耻和令人厌恶的贸易是对人的尊严最恶劣的攻击，而它的延续 殖民化同样如此。
he can't see me .	没事拉，他看不见我 It's okay. He can't see me.
raised her with another man's name .	提出了她与另一个男人的名字。
while kinshasa and most urban areas are generally calm and peaceful, frequent outbreaks of fighting continue in the east, resulting in civilian casualties and displacement .	8. 金沙萨和大多数城市地区总体上保持宁静和平，东部地区继续频频爆发战斗，造成平民伤亡和流离失所。
no no, seriously, we've got to keep it down .	不不，真的， 小声点
how's that pic you posted on your blog going, huh ?	你网上发的那张照片怎么样 How's that pic you posted on your blog going huh?
rushing forward ! surging !	那是mitch。
continuing research on improving model quality by building upon the work already compiled by the ipcc in the third assessment report .	以气专委已经在《第三次评估报告》中积累的工作为基础，就如何提高模型的质量问题继续研究。
in the statement concerning the question of western sahara made on behalf of the commission by the chairperson of the sixty-first session, on 7 april 2005, the commission decided to defer consideration of the matter to its sixty-second session, under the same agenda item .	30. 在委员会第六十一届会议主席2005年4月7日代表委员会发表的关于西撒哈拉问题的声明中，委员会决定将此事的审议推迟到第六十二届会议在同一议程项目下审议。
during such joint meetings, no decisions will be taken by either the cop or the cop mop .	在这种联席会议上，《公约》缔约方会议或者《议定书》 《公约》缔约方会议均不作出决定。
hi, my name is xenia .	- 嗨，我叫齐妮亚
- we are . - we are, of course . we're just so excited just to be able to remember our father like this .	能有这样的晚会纪念我的父亲 我们很激动
international coordination and cooperation	十四. 国际协调与合作
-objection, your honour . -overruled .	抗議，庭上 抗議無效
since the amnesty was announced, my government has seen more than 3,000 firearms surrendered to the police .	自宣布大赦以来，我国政府已看到有3 000多件火器上交警方。
note 12 to the financial statements confirms that peacekeeping operations did not include in its liabilities, a provision for after-service benefits .	46. 委员会此前报告了（A 57 5，第二卷，第二章，第29段）非消耗性设备在某一期间的期末余额与下一期间期初余额的重大差异问题。
let's go to district 12 and find our star-crossed lovers !	让我们来到12区 Let's go to District 12 会见我们的苦命鸳鸯 and find our star -crossed lovers!
yeah, i got a resume .	有啊，简历在此。 有啊，简历在此。
there were also five workshops specifically designed to assist states in rectifying deficiencies identified by audits under the universal security audit programme .	此外，民航组织还专门设计了5个讲习班，以协助各国纠正在普遍安保审计计划审核发现的缺陷。
ms . anguiano rodr guez mexico said that, because of its support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of china as expressed in general assembly resolution 2758 xxvi , her delegation opposed inclusion of the item .	Anguiano Rodr guez女士（墨西哥）说，她的代表团赞成大会第2758（XXVI）号决议明确规定的中国主权和领土完整，因此反对列入该项目。
eat this	死吧！
the e-mail alert system for the daily webcast schedule garnered 2,196 subscribers in 2005, bringing the total number of subscribers to 4,948 .	2005年全年，网播每日时刻表电子邮件通知系统增加了2 196名订户，使订户总数达到4 948个。
the personal and professional stand she took and the silence this council subsequently kept went on to prove that no matter what suit we happen to be wearing, we remain human beings .	她采取了个人和专业立场以及安理会随后保持的沉默进而证明了，不管我们穿的是什么样的衣服，我们仍然是人。
refugees are equivalent to maltese citizens in terms of the social security act, and are provided with education and training opportunities .	根据《社会保障法》，难民与马耳他公民享受同等待遇，也有受教育和培训的机会。
these clear and aggressive violations of the blue line have resulted in five israeli civilian deaths, eight troop casualties and many wounded .	此种明显侵犯蓝线的行为导致五名以色列平民死亡，八名军人死亡和许多人受伤。
i know you've been watching over me my whole life .	我知道你一直都在照顾我
well, i'd love to find him .	我很樂意找到他
once upon a time, we all went out to get our drink on .	很久以前 我们一起去喝酒
no !	不!
'shut up . i am your senior .'	"閉嘴 我是你領導"
with time, these buildings become multi-story buildings through enlargement for descendants .	随着时间推移，住户子孙后代不断增多，单层住房变成了多层楼房。
no, he said he was curious about what's inside those panties	他说想知道内裤下的风光
- how about a whiskey and soda ?	-來一杯威士忌蘇打酒吧?
i gotta tell you though,	老实对你说
i'm warning you, ah heung, if you dare say a word,	我告诉你，阿香 你要敢说一句
meeting of states parties	缔约国会议
anyway, it's the last year .	这是最后一学年了 干吗不参加呢? Anyway it's the last year.
financial services	D. 金融服务
direction and control exercised by a state over the commission of an internationally wrongful act by an international organization	一国指挥和控制一国际组织实施国际不法行为
now 50 years is beyond the call for bringing up baby .	50年来你一直都是我的孩子
a lot .	- 很大
later in 2002, unidir will initiate a research project on lessons learned from weapons collection programmes .	2002年下半年，裁研所将执行关于收缴武器方案经验教训的研究项目。
b the cost of an irrigated nursery has been reduced and	143. 此外，专员小组对费用估计作了以下调整：
we had respect all over the world .	全世界都尊重我们
l couldn't say no .	我不能说不
can you get me anything ?	能帮我什么吗？
- yeah . it's just been a big couple of days .	嗯 已经好多天了
a united nations system influenza coordinator appointed on 25 september 2005, was given the task of developing and implementing a comprehensive, unified strategy for the united nations system globally on influenza pandemic prevention, preparedness and response, and of improving efforts to control avian influenza .	2005年9月25日指派了联合国系统防范流感协调员，负责制定和执行联合国系统在全球流感预防、应急和应对的综合统一战略，并负责改善控制禽流感的工作。
b . capacity- and institution-building	B. 能力和体制建设
the same newspaper, dated 24 november 2001, also refers to an announcement by the greek cypriot defence minister that legislation enabling women to do voluntary military service had been prepared and would be presented to the greek cypriot house of representatives .	该报纸在2001年11月24日也提到希族塞人国防部长宣布已经拟订一项立法并将提交希族塞人议会，以便妇女能够参加志愿军事服务。
amendment to the convention on prohibitions or restrictions on the use of certain conventional weapons which may be deemed to be excessively injurious or to have indiscriminate effects . geneva, 21 december 2001	《禁止或限制使用某些可被认为具有过分伤害力或滥杀滥伤作用的常规武器公约》的修正案，2001年12月21日，日内瓦
after competitive bidding, a new adviser was awarded a five-year contract in january 2004, at a cost not to exceed 180,000 yearly .	经过竞标，2004年1月将一项为期五年的合同授予一个新的咨询公司，每年收费不超过180 000美元。
another area of importance is alternative development, which aims at strengthening the grass-roots economy through readily available resources and practical applications of technology .	另一个主要领域是可选发展途径，目的是通过现有资源和技术的切实适用加强基层经济。
the committee commends the state party for its delegation, which was headed by the head of the secretariat of the national council on women, family and gender development .	143. 委员会赞扬该缔约国派出以全国妇女、家庭和促进两性平等理事会秘书处主任为团长的代表团。
decides that the results of investigation conducted by programme managers should be reported to the office of internal oversight services	11. 决定方案主管的调查结果应向内部监督事务厅报告；
jessie's on vacation in mexico .	Jessie去墨西哥度假了
then we cast him down as the lowest of the low,	然后我使他變成最卑劣的;
i'm old, orpheus . . .	我已经老了
nasser ali ? it's me . abdi .	纳瑟 阿里 是我 阿布迪
new bills . not too many of them in this town .	是新的嘛，镇上没多少新钞票的
indeed, the general assembly itself, taking its cue from the work of the sub-commission has also decided to devote attention to harmful traditional practices, and over the past three years has adopted resolutions condemning them and requesting the governments concerned to take the necessary measures .	确实，大会本身在小组委员会工作的提示下，也决定重视有害传统习俗问题，并在过去三年中通过决议谴责有害传统习俗，并请有关各国政府采取必要措施。
and there has been a subsidy scam of billions of rupees .	有一种补贴数十亿卢比的骗局 股东对什么也没得到
the right to ownership of rural and urban land, as well as of all natural resources, is exclusively vested in the state and in the peoples of ethiopia .	农村和城市的土地以及所有自然资源完全归埃塞俄比亚国家和人民所有。
security council missions and their reports	安全理事会派遣的代表团及其报告
that's too good to be true	有这么好的事
it will also begin drafting guidelines to assist arbitrators who have been empowered to decide ex aequo et bono or to act as amiable compositeurs .	它还将开始起草一份指南，以协助经授权的仲裁员确定“公正和善良的原则”或作为“友好调解人”行事。
these groups have been particularly assertive in kono district and tongo fields, where, as mentioned above, they have attempted to expel residents who originally came from other districts .	在Kono区和Tongo Fields，这些集团尤其嚣张。 如上所述，在那里他们企图驱逐来自其他地区的居民。
there are moving men coming in ten hours .	10小时后搬家工就要来了
a plate of spaghetti ?	为了一盘马卡龙 啊
f deliver prevention programmes based on scientific evidence, both universal and targeted, in a range of settings such as schools, families, the media, workplaces, communities, health and social services and prisons	(f) 在各种环境（如学校、家庭、媒体、工作场所、社区、卫生和社会服务以及监狱）中执行普遍的和有针对性的科学循证预防方案；
he's identical to the composite they made of the murderer .	他与凶手特征完全符合
be seated .	请坐
london ec1y 1ax	London EC1Y 1AX
the first united nations congress on the prevention of crime and the treatment of offenders was held at geneva in 1955 . ten congresses have since been held london in 1960, stockholm in 1965, kyoto in 1970, geneva in 1975, caracas in 1980, milan in 1985, havana in 1990, cairo in 1995, vienna in 2000 and bangkok in 2005 .	第一届联合国预防犯罪和罪犯待遇大会于1955年在日内瓦举行，此后举行了十届大会(1960年在伦敦、1965年在斯德哥尔摩、1970年在京都、1975年在日内瓦、1980年在加拉加斯、1985年在米兰、1990年在哈瓦那、1995年在开罗、2000年在维也纳以及2005年在曼谷举行)。
i am going to stay up all night . and keep an eye out for anything weird .	我到时候就不睡了 全神关注任何奇怪的事情 I'm going to stay up all night and keep an eye out for anything weird.
prot ? i want to help you .	波特，我想帮你
mademoiselle .	马托摩洁丽
lucas ? all the numbers are on the fridge .	卢卡斯 你们要做的事情我都贴在冰箱上了
fit supports several key united nations objectives, conventions and resolutions through its project work .	基金会通过其项目工作，支持联合国若干重要目标、公约和决议。
requests the secretary-general, after consulting with the commissioner-general, to report to the general assembly before its sixty-second session on the progress made with regard to the implementation of the present resolution .	5. 请秘书长同主任专员协商后，在大会第六十二届会议开始以前，就执行本决议的进展情况向大会提出报告。
deeply concerned that racism and racial discrimination against migrant workers continue to increase despite the efforts undertaken by the international community to protect the human rights of migrant workers and members of their families,	深切关注尽管国际社会努力保护移徒工人及其家庭成员的人权，但对移徒工人的种族主义和种族歧视仍持续加剧，
let me speak . don't you see how ridiculous you two are ?	兩個人 到底應該怎麼作呢
that will never do .	那不行的 我丈夫肯定不喜欢
is that what we're going to do, throw ?	你一定要这样吗 嗯?
the current year was the 200th anniversary of the abolition of the slave trade, and it was therefore fitting that her government had recently enacted the trafficking in persons prevention, suppression and punishment act .	今年是废除奴隶贸易200周年，因此，牙买加政府最近适时地颁布了《（防止、禁止和惩治）贩运人口法》。
in this task met has been seeking collaborative support, participation and partnerships from other ngos working in the project area as well as number of voluntary and civic action groups in the region .	在这项工作中，孟买教育信托基金一直设法取得在这一项目领域中努力的其他非政府组织以及区域内若干自愿和民间行动团体的协力支援、参与和合作。
-what about the news ?	-新闻呢?
that's why i come . you tell me what you need down there .	那是我来的原因 告诉我你要什么
maxie, haven't i always made you money ?	迈克斯，难道我没经 常让你赚钱吗？
e facilitating the exchange of ideas among states on the expeditious return of assets	(e) 促进各国之间交流关于迅速返还资产的看法；
- what the hell is that, ryo ?	亮，是什么鬼东西？
where mistakes have been made, accountability requires redress .	在发生错误时，问责制要求予以纠正。
2 . any amendment adopted by a majority of two thirds of the states parties present and voting at the conference shall be submitted by the secretary-general of the united nations to all the states parties for acceptance .	二、 得到出席会议并参加表决的三分之二缔约国通过的所有修正案，均将由秘书长提交所有缔约国接受。
give me your hands .	把手伸出来
ii . in hospitals, sanatoria, clinics and similar establishments care for persons who are in-patients at the time of outbreak of the strike shall continue until they can be transferred to another establishment .	“二、医院、休养地、诊所和类似机构中，对发生罢工时的住院病人应该继续治疗，直到他们可以被转送到其他机构。”
it seems he's bewitched .	看起来他被施法了
smile !	笑一笑!
additional questions and comments focused on	104. 其他的问题和评论侧重以下几个方面：
informal consultations on the draft resolution on improving coordination of efforts against slavery and trafficking in persons, under agenda item 98 convened by the delegation of belarus	在议程项目98下，就加强协调反对奴役和贩运人口工作的决议草案举行的非正式协商（由白俄罗斯代表团召集）
look, somebody just walked in .	瞧，谁来了.
referring to annex ii, paragraph 14 a , of the document, he asked in what circumstances no vacancy announcement was needed and suggested that it might be on the basis of document a 55 397 paragraph 31 c where reference was made to a roster of qualified candidates as an alternative to the vacancy announcement .	23. 关于文件的附件二第14段(a)，他问在什么情况下不需要作出空缺通知，并表示这可能是以A 55 397号文件第31段(c)为基础，其中提到“作为空缺通知备选的合格候补人名册”。
and the database that he had access to was a representation of the need for one entity of government to share broadly information about its activities with another agency of government .	和数据库 他可以访问 是表示需要 政府的一个实体 广泛交流信息 关于其活动
this applies equally to situations where a woman wishes to have a child and her husband objects or, on the contrary, where the woman does not wish to have a child but her husband opposes an abortion .	这一原则同样适用于以下情况：妻子想要孩子，而她的丈夫反对，或者相反，妻子不想要孩子，而她的丈夫反对堕胎。
in the area of standard-setting, unaids and ohchr in collaboration with other partners have developed the international guidelines on hiv aids and human rights, which provide guidance to member states in meeting their human rights obligations in the area of hiv aids .	43. 在制定标准方面，艾滋病规划署和人权高专办（与其他伙伴合作）制定了关于艾滋病毒 艾滋病与人权的国际准则，用以指导成员国履行它们在艾滋病毒 艾滋病领域的义务。
raring to go .	急著要出發.
second committee	第二委员会
jughead . my mother's name was jughead .	笨蛋 我妈妈的名字曾经也叫笨蛋
the working group approved of the text of draft article 6 2 for further discussion and for inclusion in the draft instrument .	199. 工作组赞同对第6(2)条草案的案文作进一步的讨论，并将其列入文书草案。
it was widely felt that that text would better reflect the policy of preserving the negotiability of negotiable documents and reflecting relevant commercial practices .	普遍认为，改写后的案文更好地反映了既要维护可转让单证的可转让性，又要反映相关的商业实务的政策。
when selecting from these options, the particular vulnerabilities of such a child, not only having lost connection with his or her family environment, but further finding him or herself outside of his or her country of origin, as well as the child's age and gender, should be taken into account .	因此，国家的漠不关心或无所作为构成了鼓励和 或事实上准许。
means to incentivize adaptation actions and innovating means to fund developing country parties for meeting the cost of adaptation, including technical support for capacity-building in assessment of adaptation costs	B. 激励执行适应行动的方法和资助发展中国家缔约方 解决适应行动费用的创新办法，包括对适应 费用评估能力建设的技术支持
so, l don't care about people .	所以我也毫不关心
regarding frozen conflicts and their effective handling, let me say first that, in general terms, the organization for security and cooperation in europe osce is at its strongest in conflict prevention, but it also has a role in conflict settlement .	关于冻结冲突及其有效处理方面，让我首先指出，总体而言，欧洲安全与合作组织在冲突预防方面最有实力，但它在冲突解决方面也可发挥作用。
as needed, the office of the special adviser on the prevention of genocide will present situations of concern with pertinent recommendations to the secretary-general and other senior officials .	69. 特别顾问办公室将根据需要向秘书长和其他高级官员说明令人关切的局势并提出相关建议。
yeah,yeah,i'mfine .	- 是啊，是啊，我没事。
- state monitoring of the transport of objects subject to export monitoring across the customs border of the republic of belarus	- 国家对经白俄罗斯共和国海关所须受出口监测物品的运输进行监测；
give me that .	给我
nancy hines .	毕业生 南希 赛斯 Nancy Hines.
we can't run away .	我们不能私奔啊
however, we would like to request that the council consider delaying the adoption of the resolution until the general assembly has received a report on the interlaken declaration on the kimberley process certification scheme for rough diamonds .	不过，我们想请安理会考虑在大会尚未收到关于金伯利进程粗金刚石验证计划因特拉肯宣言的报告之前，应推迟通过该决议。
such measures are unlikely to completely eliminate the effects of commodity shocks and will be ineffective against generalized shocks, such as the present economic crisis .	92. 这种措施不太可能完全消除商品冲击的影响，对于像目前经济危机这样的普遍性冲击不会有任何作用。
how lionel gave me sex by henry mccanthy read by david .	"How Lionel got me laied "（一本有声书籍） (直译： Lionel 是如何让我躺下的) 作者: Henry McCanthy 朗读:
create awareness on the rights and abilities of people with disabilities and	实施《亚太宣言》和《残疾人十年》的所有关键点； 建立人们关于残疾人权利和能力的意识；以及 《国家建筑法规》纳入亚太经社会关于可达性的建议。
many random checkpoints were established .	已建立许多抽查站。
it was amended in 2005 to criminalize child trafficking, abandonment and abduction .	2005年对该《保护法》进行了修正，将贩卖、遗弃和绑架儿童定为犯罪行为。
a toxic nuclear dump can very easily serve as an arsenal for terrorists in their quest for weapons of mass destruction .	有毒的核倾弃场很容易成为恐怖分子寻找大规模杀伤性武器的武库。
we can just scrape off the burnt part, and it'll look good as new .	我們將燒壞的部分刮掉 就會和新的一樣了
i've often met with prime minister mayaki .	我孰悉他们的首相...
in order to promote those objectives all states should ratify its statute .	为了推动实现这些目标，所有国家都应批准法院《规约》。
new haven theatrical transport co . new haven, conn .	新汉文剧院运输公司康乃迪克，新汉文
i just decided enough was enough .	我学会了适可而止 。
- leonard . - sticking it to the man ?	但我们不能只口头上说说
for the text as adopted, see chapter ii, section a, resolution 2003 60 .	通过的案文见第二章A节，第2003 60号决议。
because you would have tried to stop me . and since i was gonna do it anyway, i thought i would spare you all the drama .	反正我非去不可 所以你就用不着费心
i'm sure it wasn't personal .	- 我想这不是他个人意愿
at its closing plenary meeting, on 5 february 2008, the commission authorized the rapporteur to prepare a report of the meeting, with the chair's summary on the substantive agenda items, for the trade and development board .	16. 委员会在2008年2月5日的闭幕全会上授权报告员编写提交贸易和发展理事会的报告，并在报告中纳入主席关于实质议程项目的总结。
i do .	你懂吗?
b the hot spots . in the lada context, hot spots are areas where swift rehabilitation action is required as land degradation is particularly severe or fast, with actual or expected harmful or extensive impacts on-site or off-site . a hot spot may also be an area where the land is vulnerable and threatened by degradation	干旱地带土地退化的状况或基线和趋势； 热点：在旱地退化评估中，热点指土地退化特别严重或速度特别快、对当地或别处已经造成或预期会造成有害或广泛的影响、因而需要迅速采取恢复行动的地区。
and here's a video of joseph .	这是Joseph的录像。
the united nations is not responsible for money, jewelry, negotiable papers and other valuables left in cloakrooms .	联合国对留在衣帽间的钱币、珠宝、可转让票据和其他贵重物品概不负责。
the sub commission on the promotion and protection of human rights,	增进和保护人权小组委员会，
the appeal was received on 13 june 2001 two days later, the head of the naturalization board asked the appeal commission to consider it .	2001年6月13日归化局局长收到上诉，两天之后请上诉委员会加以审查。
38 b .	否
note verbale dated 19 may 2003 from the permanent mission of china to the united nations vienna addressed to the secretary-general	2003年5月19日中国常驻联合国（维也纳）代表团致秘书长的普通照会
by the bridge .	引爆大桥
yes sir, i know what this investigation has cost .	我疑惑的是，他竟然失手了 是，我知道调查所费不赀
- that'd be you . - sighs	你
see council decision 2005 221 .	见理事会第2005 221号决定。
- you are ? - i've still so far to . . .	- 對對對!
it organized a round table to present the findings of the study and developed a tv documentary to educate the public about the rights of the tsaatan people .	它安排了一次圆桌会议，提出研究的结果，以及制作一部电视记录片，教育大众关于Tsaatan民族的权利。
sorry .	对不起
in hong kong, that need was met by cssa and oaa	为滥用药物的青少年提供的教育服务
the assistant administrator and director, bureau for resources and strategic partnerships, undp, acknowledging the concerns, stressed that the growth in core resources was real .	开发计划署助理署长兼资源战略和伙伴关系局局长承认关注这些问题是有道理的，他强调，核心资源的增加是实实在在的。
she made a pass, that s all .	她喜欢买弄风骚
then bear with them o muhammad and say peace . but they will come to know .	你应当原谅他们，你应当说：祝你们平安！他们不久就知道了。
8 . in no case shall the provisions of this article be construed so as to impose on a contracting state the obligation	8. 在任何情况下，不应将本条的规定理解为向一个缔约国施加以下义务：
i'm not a stranger . i used to live here .	我不是陌生人，我以前住在這裏
the policy plans of the applicant institutions must provide full information on their artistic or substantive goals for the next four years and must include evaluations of their policies over the previous period .	申请机构的政策计划必须提供有关其下一个四年中艺术或主要目标的详尽信息，必须包括对其上一阶段政策的评价。
another issue for consideration is the treatment of domestic and non-domestic creditors .	50. 有待审议的另一个问题是国内和非国内债权人的待遇。
the road to post-war recovery	战后复苏之路
national trade facilitation programmes in many developing countries have often focused on facilitating trade with developed countries through sea and airports .	许多发展中国家的国家贸易便利化方案，往往侧重于通过海运和空运促进与发达国家的贸易。
- james .	- 詹姆斯...
the durban declaration and programme of action should be followed by firm action, and in that regard, the proposed anti-discrimination unit and the appointment of five independent experts were promising ideas .	应对《德班宣言和行动纲领》采取坚决的后续行动。 在这方面，提议设立禁止歧视股和任命五名独立专家是大有可为的想法。
you killed a vampire, bill .	- 你杀了一个吸血鬼 Bill
12 . urges states to ensure that their political and legal systems reflect the multicultural diversity within their societies and, where necessary, to improve democratic institutions so that they are more fully participatory and avoid marginalization and exclusion of, and discrimination against, specific sectors of society	12． 敦促各国努力确保其政治和法律制度反映本国社会内的文化多样性，并在必要时加强民主机构，使它们更具充分参与性，避免某些社会阶层的边缘化以及遭到排斥和歧视；
it will only be until i . . .	不错吧？
taken care of . i'll be outside .	已经讲好了，我在外面等你
in paragraph 34 of its report, oios concludes that the processes used by the procurement division do not ensure effective international competition .	6. 监督厅报告第34段得出结论认为，“采购司使用的程序没有确保有效的国际竞争”。
sometimes, the good comes when we most need it and least expect it .	有时 美好会在我们最需要 希望最渺茫的那刻降临
mr . weston ?	[ Mrs. Weston ] Mr. Weston ?
or you can be young always, my friend as we are now .	你也可以永保青春 像我现在这般
in 1999, for example, there were 63 articles in leading newspapers and magazines, 31 television interviews, 39 radio interviews and 32 press briefings .	例如，1999年主要报纸杂志刊登文章63篇，电视采访31次，无线电台采访39次和新闻发布会32次。
the different governing bodies of the united nations system have already affirmed the importance of km as a tool to enhance organizational efficiency however, in most of the system organizations, there are no provisions for the establishment of dedicated km units .	35. 联合国系统的各个管理部门已经确认了知识管理作为一种提高组织效率的工具的重要性。 然而，在系统的大多数组织中，还没有关于设立知识管理专门机构的规定。
. . .knowinggoodand evil .	能知善恶
web accessibility refers to the practice of making websites usable by everyone, including those with disabilities, be it visual, auditory, cognitive intellectual or motor mobility .	40. 网络可访度系指每一个人，包括无论是视觉、听觉、认知 智力，或运动 行动上的残疾人，可利用网站的行为。
joe, give these humps another drink . it's all they're good for .	乔 再给这些混混喝一点 他们反正也就好这口
3-6 p .m . closed meeting conference room 3	下午3:00-6:00 非公开会议 第3会议室
observations	三. 意见
why not just ask ?	为什么不直接问呢?
221shafferavenue .	夏福大街221号
what's so nice, may i ask ?	我倒要问问 怎么好
this orientation is based on the comunitary low - reg . ec n 1260 99, from de council the 21st june 1999, whose main objective is to promote the equality in what concerns the opportunities for both sexes .	285. 这一定向基于共同体的法律，即欧洲理事会1999年6月21日第1260 99号条例，其主要目标是在两性机会方面促进平等。
bum, bum, bum-bum-bum-bum	烧伤，烧伤，烧伤，烧伤，烧伤，烧伤
don't tell them you drove me to buy pot . which should be legal .	别告诉他们你开车带我去买大麻 他们应该让大麻合法的
give me that dime .	给我一个硬币
it is appropriate here to reiterate that a rightful place should be given to ngos, including during deliberations of member states .	应当在这里重申，应当让非政府组织获得正当的地位，包括在会员国审议期间。
however, if protection of humanitarian assistance is a mandated task of a united nations peacekeeping operation, the committee is of the view that both should be coordinated, in order to ensure that they are not working at cross purposes and that the impartiality of humanitarian assistance is ensured .	不过 如果保护人道主义援助是联合国维持和平行动的一项授权进行的任务 委员会认为这两者应当协调 以确保它们活动目的不相矛盾 以及人道主义援助的不偏不倚。
what are the chances of another gas leak in a chinese laundry ?	你们觉得中国洗衣店气体泄露有多少 可能? .
get in the corner !	到角落罚站
with a certain reserve, of course .	当然也会有所保留
- i'm nervous .	-我很紧张
as i have said, in order to render peace sustainable, the government and the people of sudan will have to choose a comprehensive approach .	正如我所说的那样，为了使和平持久下去，苏丹政府和人民必须选择综合方针。
- okay .	- 好的
e in promoting the improvement of statistics and statistical methods generally .	“(e) 促进统计和统计方法的普遍改进。”
the cost is estimated to be 1,552 .8 million, reflecting a 503 .8 million increase over the initial estimates .	费用估计为15.528亿美元，比初步概算增加5.038亿美元。
these standards are promulgated in general assembly documents and listed in chapter 3 .	这些标准已在大会文件中颁布，并在第3章列出。
the sponsor delegation shared the view that the points referred to in its introductory remarks could be reflected more clearly in the paragraph .	108. 提案国代表团同意所提意见，即该段可以更明确地反映出其介绍性发言中所提各点。
i notice you're not doing it .	你不也没给他们水喝
the partnerships have gradually become key institutional instruments helping developing countries to achieve universally shared goals of delivering urgently needed goods and services .	伙伴关系已经逐步成为重要的机构工具，帮助发展中国家实现提供迫切需要的货物和服务的共享目标。
the recommendations formulated during the interactive dialogue have been examined by tuvalu and the recommendations listed below enjoy the support of tuvalu	67. 互动对话期间形成的建议已经过图瓦卢的研究，下列各项建议得到图瓦卢的赞同：
you are asking too many questions .	你问得太多了。
what do you want ?	你想要什麼？
- home ? - yeah .	回家？
- claustrophobic ?	- 你得了幽闭恐惧症了？
the national assembly may call a referendum on any issue, which is subject to regulations set by law .	国民大会可以要求就任何问题进行公民表决，这类表决必须遵守法律的整套规章。
- my fucking finger !	- 他妈的我的手指！
most definitions of diplomatic protection failed to deal adequately with the nature of the actions open to a state exercising diplomatic protection .	关于外交保护的定义大多没有适足地规定实行外交保护的国家所能够采取的行动的性质。
but you go to rwanda -- a very small country -- 8,000 mothers with hiv who are pregnant .	但在卢旺达 -- 一个很小的国家 -- 每年就有8千个带有艾滋病病毒的母亲怀孕.
there's the problem, sewage tank is overflowing .	遇到个问题 污水箱满了
well, if we can be civil .	如果可以正正當當辦的話
no . the other kids will just make fun of us .	不用了 其他孩子都取笑我们
they're going to kill you if you stay here, ok ?	如果你留在这里 他们会杀了你的 懂吗
also at the same meeting, the representative of the united states of america made a statement in explanation of vote before the vote .	48. 在同一次会议上，美利坚合众国的代表在表决前对投票做了解释性发言。
i am transferring you .	我现在调你来.
did you eat ? i didn't see anything ok ?	吃过饭了吗
ii where the educational institution does not provide board, a flat sum as indicated in column 3 , plus 75 per cent of the allowable costs of attendance up to a maximum grant as indicated in column 2 per year .	如教育机构不供应膳宿 其数额为第(3)栏所列统一数额加可受理学费的75 但不得超过第(2)栏所列补助金上限。
it was thought that failure to include one in this case could mistakenly induce the conclusion that no amendment was possible .	据认为在这种情况下不列入一项修正条款可能会使人错误地认为不可能进行修正。
make a stand .	设法抵挡
you know, i just want somebody .	我只是想要一个人
friends forever . remember ?	还说是"永远的朋友"，记得吗？
to you, laurent .	干杯，罗宏
he did not believe that the legal regime on the non-navigational uses of watercourses was similar to the legal regime on groundwaters while the former was based on established principles for the sharing of water, including riparian rights, the latter either lacked state practice or was not amenable to generalization .	他并不认为关于水道非航行使用的法律制度类同于地下水的法律制度；前者根据的是共有水域，包括河岸权利的既定原则，而后者或是缺乏国家先例或是无法一般化。
and 300 million to banco popular, virgin islands .	叁亿转到维尔京群岛
- the police !	- 找员警！
only the great spirit is perfect .	唯有伟大的主 方可达成完美
however, logistics costs are growing faster than logistics volumes, a key cost contributor being transportation .	然而，物流成本比物流数量增长更快，运输是关键的成本要素。
- that's all right .	-抱歉 我来晚了
but terrorism cannot be stamped out by military effort alone .	不过，恐怖主义不可能仅仅通过军事行动来消灭。
signed rauf r . denkta president	拉乌夫 登克塔什（签名）
it always bums me out when we have an alzheimer's patient with young kids .	每當我們有帶著一群小孩的 老年癡呆症患者的時候我就煩躁
we can-we can barely hold him up on his side .	能給他翻個身就已經很不容易了
that means fever 104 home of the really good current music .	意思是"火热104 极品现代音乐之家"
the regional focal point is requested, among other things, to hold regular annual meetings for the arab national focal points and to establish a database on small arms and light weapons .	除其他事项外，还要求区域协调中心定期举行阿拉伯各国家协调中心年度会议，建立小武器和轻武器数据库。
and the jacket has a hood .	另外夹克 外套有一个帽子
the monthly reports have served to inform members of the committee of the progress of the group's investigations, and in particular outstanding requests for information addressed to member states .	月度报告向委员会成员通报了专家组调查工作的进展情况，特别是向会员国提出的未获回复的提供资料要求的进展情况。
having heard the opinion of the transitional government of burundi, presented by its justice minister, didace kiganahe, on 15 june 2005, on the recommendations contained in this report, which aim at the creation of a mixed truth commission and a special chamber within the court system of burundi,	听取了2005年6月15日布隆迪司法部长迪达塞 基格纳赫阐述的布隆迪过渡政府对该报告所载建议的意见，这些建议旨在成立一个混合真相委员会，并在布隆迪法院系统内设立一个特别分庭，
adopts the revised draft plan of action for the first phase 2005-2007 of the world programme for human rights education, which focuses on primary and secondary school systems	1. 通过世界人权教育方案第一阶段（2005-2007年）行动计划订正草案， 其重点是小学和中学教育制度；
actually . . .	其实
- what the heck ?	你搞什麼呢
we could really use a dodge about now .	来哄自己开心 嗯，我们现在真应该用那辆道奇车
well, i . . . i thought she'd be . . . - different .	我还以为她会很不同
the subsaharan tram is full of people and forgive the language . . . and candor, i play the thing from the ass .	挤公共汽车时 我很喜欢别人摸我屁股
on the question of what caused the crash, the debate ismore even . krugman is hampered by the fact that he attributes thecrash to irrationality, which, as cochrane points out, is notheory .	在谈到是什么导致市场崩盘这个问题上，双方打了个平手。克鲁格曼认为“非理性”是元凶。而科克伦认为根本就没什么理论。
you'll have to find someone who doesn't think like anyone else to catch him .	你得找个想法同样别具一格的人才能抓到他
- how did you know ?	- 你怎么知道？
turns out that i'm first in the walk-and-talk challenge .	我才发现原来我是第一个 挑战边走边说的人
in the circumstances, the committee concluded that there had been a violation of article 19 .	在这种情况下，委员会认为存在违反第十九条的情况。
yeah, well, i'm still not a cop .	没错 但是我仍旧不是一个警察
as to the provision of interpretation services, 211 of the 243 requests were granted, or a total of 87 per cent .	关于提供口译服务，共有243项请求，其中有211项落实，占总数的87 。
spenser .	史宾塞
oh, do you smell that ?	哦，你闻到了吗？
b by compiling information on policy responses to international migration and assessing their relevance in meeting the internationally agreed goals and objectives on international migration and development	(b) 汇编有关国际移徙的对策信息，并评估这些政策在实现有关国际移徙和发展的国际商定目标方面的相关性；
success in council reform would represent a key contribution to the transformation of the international security architecture .	安理会改革工作的成功，将是对改革国际安全架构的一个重要贡献。
table 6 resource requirements	表6. 所需资源
advisory and technical assistance activities	1. 咨询和技术援助活动
you know, the money they ask for after kidnapping . . . !	等电视来了之后，记忆应该就也会慢慢回来了
in the context of the discussions of the secretary-general's reform agenda, the participants welcomed the steps taken by ohchr to improve the servicing of the mandates and enhance their effectiveness .	在讨论秘书长改革议程时，与会者们欢迎人权高专办为更好地执行任务和提高效率所采取的步骤。
that's why i need you to take this, get it kicked in pre-trial motions .	我知道 所以我想你来接手 在审前动议上下功夫
in proposing options regarding the status of current long-term residents, the government ruled out granting bermudian status to all long-term residents .	71. 关于现长期居民的身份问题，政府排除了给予所有长期居民百慕大人身份的可能性。
there has been a total of 637 plots against the life of president fidel castro ruz .	恐怖主义行动企图危害旅游业并且意图在来访者和游客中制造没有信任和不安全的气氛。
document a 55 82-e 2000 61 .	文件A 55 82-E 2000 61。
e procedures for maintaining the confidentiality and inadmissibility of verbal or written statements made during the mediation process	5. 调解过程中所作口头或书面陈述的保密及杜绝将其作为证据使用的程序；
access will have to be sustained through improved local governance and regular operation and maintenance o m of the systems .	必须改善当地施政以及定期运行和维护这些系统，从而维持这种服务。
c ensuring that impact is measurable	(c) 确保可衡量影响；
they keep his photo in their bags .	把相处放包里
on 9 november, one cn-235 turkish military aircraft entered the nicosia fir, violating international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the republic of cyprus, flying over the area of mesaoria, before landing at the illegal airport of tymbou in the occupied area of the republic .	11月9日，一架CN-235土耳其军用飞机侵入尼科西亚飞行情报区，违反国际空中交通管制条例并侵犯塞浦路斯共和国领空，飞越迈萨奥里亚地区，随后降落在共和国被占领区的非法滕布机场。
the voting was as follows 20	宣布12月18日为国际移民日
on 19 november 2003, the syrian arab republic adopted law no . 28 dealing with the establishment and regime of its maritime zones .	阿拉伯叙利亚共和国于2003年11月19日通过了关于规定其海洋区制定的第28号法律。
the chairperson of the preparatory committee for unctad xi said that the preparatory committee had taken note of the interests and concerns expressed by civil society at the hearing of 16 january 2004 and had considered several civil society recommendations .	1. 贸发十一大筹备委员会主席说，筹备委员会注意到民间社会在2004年1月16日听证会上表示的兴趣和关切，审议了几个民间团体的建议。
pari, you leave me with no choice .	帕利 你让我别无选择
well, this is gonna be a bloodbath . i don't know how you're gonna prep .	这将会是一场血腥大场面 我不知道你打算准备讲什么
- i know that .	- 我知道
for this one moment, right here, right now, to find each other .	.. 要找到对方 在这一刻 -
annex ii	附件二
you can't do that .	你不能那样走
let's get divorced .	我们分吧
i got rid of that slut .	我得摆脱那个荡妇
by contrast, labor in the eu is largely immobile . despitepopulist speeches about the threat posed by polish plumbers, netmigration flows between regions are generally insensitive todifferences in unemployment rates among regions .	与之相比，欧盟的劳动力却在很大程度上流动性很不够。尽管有民粹主义者发表诸如“波兰的伐木工人”所带来的威胁之类的言论，地区间的净移民流动从总体上来看对于地区间的失业率的差异表现得并不敏感。
and each neuron makes something like 1,000 to 10,000 contacts with other neurons in the brain .	每个神经元与其它神经元的 交接点约有一千至一万处。
h the release of over 3,000 child soldiers, abductees, and separated children by the revolutionary united front and pro-government civil defence militias as one of the most positive developments of the year, while calling for the release of any persons held against their will	1. 欢迎：
nepal is a case in point .	尼泊尔就是这样一个例子。
11 ibid .	11 同上。
cooperation between the united nations and the inter-parliamentary union	63 24. 联合国同各国议会联盟的合作
finally, the committee emphasizes that where services are decentralized, this should not be to the disadvantage of young children .	最后，委员会强调，如果服务分散，也不应对幼儿造成不利。
chairman	主席：
more details on the presentation and reports of the five workshops can be viewed at www .environmenthouse .ch .	可通过以下网站查阅关于5个研讨会的情况介绍和报告：www.environmenthouse.ch。
annex 1	附件1
great !	真棒呀！
the work permit term limits policy would ensure that there was no recurrence of the kind of situation that obtained in november 1998 .	工作许可证限期政策可确保1998年11月发生的情况不再重复。
the t-shirts . . .	T恤衫
israel is the sole state in the region not to have done so .	以色列是本区域唯一没有这样做的国家。
all except me .	除了我
thus, for example, only those contributions that fell due and payable between 1 january 1999 and 31 december 2000 were included in the amount of the contributions due for the preceding two full years for purposes of calculating article 19 as at 1 january 2001 .	因此 例如 只有在1999年1月1日至2000年12月31日期间到期和应缴的摊款 才包括在2001年1月1日计算第十九条拖欠额的前两整年应缴摊款数目之内。
the committee was provided with a schedule of mission staff on short-term loan for the start-up of new missions for the periods from 1 july to 31 december 1998 and from 1 january to 30 june 1999, as shown in table 3 .	委员会收到1998年7月1日至12月31日和1999年1月1日至6月30日期间从特派团工作人员中短期借调，派往新设立的特派团的图表，参见表3。
the government is committed to the protection and promotion of women's rights and has established a national action plan for women to promote gender equality and enforce gender mainstreaming in governmental institutions .	49. 采取适当措施，按联合国囚犯待遇最低标准规则的规定，进一步改进监狱中被拘留者的条件(马来西亚)；
c enhanced awareness, knowledge and understanding of all human rights, including the right to development	(c) 提高对各项人权包括发展权的意识、认识和了解
- did you do the job ?	他們還是會殺害他
decides to remain actively seized of the matter .	4. 决定继续积极处理此案。
bad health and bad fortune, depart from this place .	病痛和邪气都远离这个地方
it was also noted that the certificates should be issued only upon request by a state .	还指出，核证只有应国家要求才予作出。
claire, i want you to play yourself .	克莱尔 我想要你演你自己
incoming ego shrapnel .	炮火来袭.
- i just bought this suit .	天啊
its main functions are to watch over the promotion and implementation of applicable legislation and to ensure the coordination of activities and measures under the plan .	其主要职能是监督适用立法的促进与实施工作，同时确保该计划项下各项活动和措施的协调运转。
sure .	好的。
deposit 20 cents in the slot and i'll complete your call as requested .	存款20美分插槽 我会完成你所要求的电话。
see also goal 4, objective 4 .	另见目标4 具体目标4。
protective legislation relating to matters covered in this article shall be reviewed periodically in the light of scientific and technological knowledge and shall be revised, repealed or extended as necessary .	3. 应根据科技知识，定期审查与本条所包涵的内容有关的保护性法律，必要时应加以修订、废止或推广。
nora, that door's not supposed to be open .	就去看一眼
delegations wishing to be inscribed on the list are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the sixth committee ms . nena villena-tanedo tel . 1 212 963-5375 fax 1 212 963-1963 e-mail villena-tanedo un .org .	希望登记发言的代表团请接洽第六委员会秘书处（Nena Villena-Tanedo女士（电话：1（212）963-5375；传真：1（212）963-1963；电子邮件：villena-tanedo un.org）。
i want to report a stolen vehicle .	我要報告一起車輛盜竊
that's right .	没错
the associations rejected this measure, arguing that the national association does not represent them and that the frequencies assigned belong to the state radio tgw, so that transferring their use to private individuals would use up the nationwide frequencies in state hands and render the current legislative process meaningless .	各协会反对这一措施，说全国协会不代表它们，所分配的频道是属于国家电台TGW的。 因此，把频道的使用转让给私人将会用尽国家掌握的所有全国频道，使目前的立法进程毫无意义。
4 .2 the state party considers the communication inadmissible because it relates to facts that occurred before the optional protocol entered into force for sri lanka, that is 3 january 1998 .	4.2 缔约国认为来文不可受理，因为它涉及《任择议定书》于1998年1月3日对斯里兰卡正式生效以前发生的事实。
really ? sure .	- 他拿到外面洗
adaptation requires urgent attention and action on the part of all countries .	所有国家都必须紧急注意适应问题并就此采取行动。
- read them and sign them .	- 先讀后簽
the imposition of an inside-the-family restraining order would require a threat of a crime directed at one's life, health or liberty .	只有在对个人生命、健康或自由构成直接威胁的情况下方可签发家庭内部限制行动令。
the comprehensive strategic programme framework for strengthening drug control and crime prevention capacities in central asia, covering the period 2002-2005, continued to guide national efforts and regional initiatives to counter the drug problem .	题为“加强2002-2005年期间中亚药物管制和犯罪预防的能力”的综合战略方案框架将继续指导国家和地区积极解决药物问题。
if this all goes tits up, which it will .	这计划一定会失败
in 2006, cedaw noted with concern that, although legislation guaranteed women equal rights with men in matters relating to marriage and family relations, women still faced de facto discrimination in those areas, such as polygamy .	18. 2006年，消除对妇女歧视委员会关切地注意到，立法在有关婚姻和家庭关系方面保障男女之间的平行权利，但妇女在这些领域仍面临事实上的歧视，诸如一夫多妻制问题。
i wish you may do well your duty as a bishop	但我们必须在慈爱之中寻求真理
those efforts had resulted in remarkable progress, including the long-awaited abolition of the family headship system .	这些努力取得了显著的进步，包括期盼已久的废除家长制。
today, we can reflect with pride on the recent presidential and parliamentary elections that witnessed a seamless transition from the former ruling party to the opposition .	今天，我们可以骄傲地回顾最近的总统和议会选举，从过去的执政党向反对党平稳过渡。
the iraqi government has proposed the use of a certain amount of cash components in order to maintain and improve oil-producing conditions .	因此，伊拉克政府建议收取一定数额的配套资金，以维持及改善石油生产条件。
the communications and public information office will continue to support all other sections in the mission in promoting and publicizing their priorities and activities and to work with government and other national partners in promoting their own progress and programmes .	34. 通信和新闻办公室将继续协助特派团所有其他科室促进和宣传其优先事项和有关活动，并与政府和其他国家伙伴协作宣传其进展和方案。
- i'm from here .	-我是本地人
the committee expresses its concern that data collection is not sufficiently developed and is not disaggregated for all areas covered by the convention .	387. 委员会对收集的数据不充分以及对未按照《公约》所涉所有领域分类收集数据表示关注。
try living there and see .	你去生活看看
- screening applications for reimbursement of expenses	审议申请并对承担责任发表意见；
i met him yesterday and he looks like a wolf he's really someone to be sorry for	他一定会到处找我 我跟淑彩见过他 油腻腻到了极点耶
11 . requests the secretary-general to submit to the general assembly at its sixty-third session a report on the implementation of the present resolution	11. 请秘书长向大会第六十三届会议提出关于本决议执行情况的报告；
states wishing to restrict the application of the article to claims arising after the convention enters into force are also free to do so in the course of bilateral negotiations .	希望限制在《公约》生效后产生的税收债权中适用本条的缔约国也可以通过双边谈判这么做。
as is the case with most national penal systems, international criminal law does not hold criminally liable only those persons who, either alone or jointly with other persons, physically commit international crimes .	538. 同大多数国家刑法制度一样，国际刑法也不光追究那些单独或与他人共同亲自实施国际犯罪的人的刑事责任。
bangladesh consortium seeks compensation in the amount of usd 457,976 for this portion of its claim .	Bangladesh Consortium就这部分索赔要求赔偿457 976美元。
institutional support mechanisms for aft should include rapid-disbursement mechanisms at the level of donors and broad consultative processes at national and regional levels in beneficiary countries for, inter alia, elaborating appropriate aft project proposals .	贸易援助的体制支持机制应当包括捐助者一级的快速拨款机制，以及受惠国在国家和区域各级的广泛磋商进程，以便除其他外，制定适当的贸易援助项目提案。
don't get up .	请坐
the agriculture department has provided credit and loans to women through its ginintuang masaganang ani golden bountiful harvest countryside assistance for rural employment gma-cares program .	通过“农村就业：金色大丰收农村援助”方案，农业部已经为妇女提供了信贷和贷款。
total number 127 .	（总数目：127个）。
and a-five and six and seven	五、六、七、八
- lady, i can't see through you .	- 女士 你挡着我了
however, risk management processes are not yet implemented or in a mature state within the un secretariat, funds and programmes .	但是，联合国秘书处、各基金和各方案没有开展风险管理工作，或管理工作不成熟。
patience, ms . nyholm .	尼霍姆女士 请耐心点
whereas to pursue all three with equal dedication, is to make possible a life filled not only with achievement, but with serenity .	然而，若能达到三者间的平衡 就会让生命充实，而你得到的将不仅仅是成就 还有内心祥和、安宁
-sorry . no .	抱歉，不行
financial arrangements	财政安排
wall street has collapsed . the present crisis, the fall of wall street, is to neo-liberalism what the fall of the berlin wall in 1989 was to communism .	这种生活在一段时间内结束了。华尔街已经崩溃了。当前华尔街崩溃的危机，对新自由主义经济学的影响，就像是1989年柏林墙的倒塌对共产主义的影响那样。
particular events which are addressed by such clauses include war, civil strife and insurrection .	这种条款针对的具体事件包括战争、内乱和叛乱。
his heart just didn't seem to be into it, you know ?	他的心脏就似乎不被进去，你知道吗？
may i take it that the assembly likewise wishes to adopt the draft resolution ?	我是否可以认为大会也希望通过该决议草案？
they claim that the order for pre-trial detention is based solely on circumstantial evidence, which is not sufficient to justify a denial of bail and that this order has not been properly reviewed by higher courts, which have refused to reconsider the facts as they were assessed by the trial judge .	他们称，审判前拘留命令的依据只是情况证据，不足以作为拒绝保释的理由，而且，上级法院没有对这一命令进行适当审查，上级法院拒绝考虑所提供事实，因为审判法官已做了评估。
- where did you meet her ?	我对她一无所知
he was staring . . .	" 他注視著 ... "
eclac informed the board that since it issued written communications to that effect, there have been no cases of experts being rehired as consultants .	32研训所采取了一些战略，如设立捐助人会议、发送信件和项目提案以吸引捐助者，但如表二.9所示，研训所还是没能扭转自愿捐款的下滑趋势。
deadline for the submission of draft proposals	提交提案草案的截止日期
in particular, incentives in the context of reporting should be devised as a way of mobilizing both parties and other reporting entities especially those which are not obliged to submit reports to submit qualitative reports .	具体地说，应该制订与报告相关的鼓舞措施，以此调动缔约方和其他报告实体(特别是那些不必提供报告的实体)提交高质量的报告。
states shall specially protect sites where groundwater is withdrawn from or recharged to an aquifer .	5. 各国应特别保护从含水层抽取地下水或向其充水的地点。
extrabudgetary contributions in kind are not recorded in the accounts but are listed in the appendix to the financial statements .	预算外实物捐助不入账，但列入财务报表附录。
it covers firearms, firearm parts and illicit manufacturing and trafficking .	倡议中涉及火器、火器部件以及非法制造和贩运。
i just have to wait for the donor	只是现在 我要等别人的眼珠
indeed, the afd scored well in eastern germany where three state elections will be held in 2014 by gaining many votes from the left . this implies that the afd could establish itself on the german political landscape permanently, which would make a comeback for the fdp all the more difficult .	事实上，AfD在东德表现出色，从左翼党手中夺下了很多选票（2014年东德有三个州将举行选举）。这意味着AfD将建立起其在德国政坛的永久地位，FDP要想卷土重来将难上加难。
those claims are without foundation and, like previous claims of that kind, lack the slightest credibility .	这些挑衅毫无根据，同以前的类似挑衅一样，丝毫没有可信性。
that woman who cries with her head down	那个女人 低着头在哭的
activities have focused on the immediate and strategic needs of the commission .	活动重点是满足委员会的当前需求和战略需求。
some such principles had already been incorporated into existing international human rights conventions .	这些原则中有些已经被纳入现行的国际人权公约。
these many diverse cultural products amply reflect citizens' freedom to participate in cultural and creative activities and contribute to the lively and flourishing spiritual and cultural life of the masses .	这些内容丰富、形式多样的文艺产品，充分反映了公民参与文化创造的自由，极大地活跃和丰富了公众的精神文化生活。
ceremony's off, mein f hrer !	婚礼取消 我的领袖
now, if you don't mind, i would just as soon . . . not have to face that when i come home .	我一直都是在听些假冒专家 在以讹传讹 如果你不介意， 我想回家后... 尽量不谈这些
currently, the department of welfare and labor protection has drafted ministerial regulations on the protection of homeworkers .	目前，福利和劳动保护厅起草了关于保护家庭佣工的部级规章制度。
as in the protocols in the peregrine and gbfe cases, the same individuals were appointed as insolvency representative for each of the companies in the two states .	指定由加拿大法院依据加拿大法律处理债权人的债权，但对债权有效性的裁决需依据管辖基本义务的法律。
-i got to lambada !	- 我要跳伦巴!
as secretary-general ban ki-moon acknowledged at the beginning of the session, the united nations needs a change in the international climate . it needs to faster, more flexible and more mobile a 62 pv .4, p . 2 .	正如秘书长潘基文在本届大会开幕时指出的那样，联合国需要一种新的国际气候，需要“更迅速、更灵活和更有流动性”(A 62 PV.4，第2页)。
i can't believe what you did . . .	我不敢相信你...
you've got a iot of explaining to do, young man .	完全破坏 在网上视频 你必须解释一下 年轻人
counsel supplied supplementary comment on 7 june 2000, upon which the state party commented on 26 september 2000 .	律师在2000年6月7日又提出了补充意见，缔约国在2000年9月26日对之发表了意见。
so, verily, with every difficulty, there is relief	与艰难相伴的，确是容易，
expresses its appreciation to the secretary-general of the united nations and the secretary-general of the international organization of la francophonie for their sustained efforts to strengthen cooperation and coordination between the two organizations, thereby serving their mutual interests in the political, economic, social and cultural fields	6. 赞赏联合国秘书长和法语国家国际组织秘书长持续努力加强联合国同法语国家国际组织的合作和协调，促进两组织在政治、经济、社会和文化领域的相互利益；
claims that kosova's independence sets an international precedent or lays conditions for the creation of a greater albania, as well as the fear of two albanian states in the balkans, are unfounded .	关于科索沃独立会树立国际先例并为大阿尔巴尼亚奠定基础的说法，还有对巴尔干存在的两个阿尔巴尼亚人国家的担心都没有根据。
also mothers fathers feeding three and more children under age14, people under 18-24 got fully orphan before their 18 and families who deserved loss of home because of sudden accidents are allowed to receive assistance once a year in accordance with the resolution approved by the government of mongolia .	另外，根据蒙古政府核准的决议，抚养3名以上不足14岁儿童的父母、18至24岁在18岁以前即失去双亲的孤儿以及由于突发灾难而失去房屋的家庭可每年获得援助。
if they are to live through the critical early months and years, they need adult care and protection provided by their parents, but also with the support of affordable and accessible health systems .	如果儿童要度过至关重要的最初年月，则需要成人的照料和保护，即父母提供的照料和保护，而且要有负担得起的、易于得到的保健制度的支助。
signature libyan arab jamahiriya 13 november 2001	签署：阿拉伯利比亚民众国(2001年11月13日)
and we'll get rid of him .	然后我们摆脱他
treatment of allowances and other related issues	津贴的处理和其他相关问题
to the government of the republic of chad	致乍得政府的信
the position is essentially as explained in paragraphs 323 to 325 of the initial report .	252. 有关情况并无改变，大致上如首份报告第323至325段所述。
well, then you wouldn't mind writing us some passes . . . so we could, uh, practice some new moves ?	噢，那您不在意 帮我们写几段口号吧 那么我们能，噢 排练一些新的动作？
sherry, i think her name was .	好像叫雪莉 如果我没记错的话 Sherry I think her name was.
that jubilee conference ended successfully with the adoption of many resolutions and decisions manifesting the member states' rededication to expand the peaceful use of atomic energy .	这次五十周年纪念大会圆满结束，会议通过的许多决议和决定表明会员国继续致力于扩大和平利用原子能。
the actions to be taken by the general assembly are set out in paragraph 15 of the performance report a 58 639 and paragraph 25 of the budget report a 58 640 .	38. 有待大会采取的行动载于执行情况报告（A 58 639）第15段和预算报告（A 58 640）第25段。
and i started collecting sheep .	然后我开始收集羊。
agenda item 66	议程项目66
thank you .	-谢谢你
the representative of japan, also on behalf of france, introduced and orally revised the draft resolution .	日本代表并以法国的名义介绍并口头订正了决议草案。
what will they do, the others ?	其他人会怎么对你？
recalling further that the beijing declaration called on governments, the united nations system and regional and international institutions to contribute to the implementation of the beijing platform of action,	还忆及《北京宣言》要求联合国系统和区域及国际机构致力落实《北京行动纲领》，
if you're calling to ask where tommy is, i don't know .	如果你要问汤米在哪 我不知道
the 1267 committee's list has not been incorporated into trinidad and tobago' legal system .	特立尼达和多巴哥尚未把第1267号决议所设委员会的清单纳入本国法律制度。
- you too, maxwell .	- 你太过了 麦斯威尔
in order to harmonize national legislation with the obligations of the un general assembly resolution no . 1377, the ministry of justice of georgia prepared a draft law on amendments to the criminal procedural code of georgia .	为了使国家法律与联合国大会第1373号决议下承担的义务相配合，格鲁吉亚司法部草拟了一项关于“格鲁吉亚刑事程序法修正案”的法律草案。
recognizing that hiv aids constitutes a global emergency and poses one of the most formidable challenges to the development, progress and stability of societies and the world at large and that it requires an exceptional and comprehensive global response,	认识到艾滋病毒 艾滋病是一个全球性的紧急问题，是各自社会乃至全世界的发展、进步和稳定所面临的最严重挑战之一，因此需要采取非常和全面的全球应对措施，
over there !	这里!
by 31 may	最迟在5月31日
i don't know if i can trust you to keep your mouth shut .	我不知道还能不能相信你能守口如瓶
if i cheat, i will be killed by thunder	若然有半句假话，天打雷劈
-need clothes . -we're just people--	-我们只是...
first, i would like to thank ambassador mahbubani, chairman of the sanctions committee, ambassador ayafor, chairman of the panel of experts, and the members of the panel themselves for the remarkable work they have accomplished .	首先，我要感谢制裁委员会主席马布巴尼大使、专家小组主席阿亚福尔大使和专家小组的成员所完成的出色工作。
- doorbell rings i got it .	我来
how you like me now ?	哥这招怎么样
9 .2 in respect to the denial of access in person to the court hearing of january 1997, the author suggests that any further appeal concerning the refusal of his visa was no longer possible, because it was clear that the immigration authorities were biased against him .	9.2. 关于不许他本人出席1997年1月法院审理的问题，提交人说，针对他的签证申请遭到拒绝再提出任何上诉是不可能的，因为移民局显然对他持有偏见。
the committee takes note of the cooperation programmes that exist between certain countries and mali for the voluntary return of malian migrant workers and members of their families, as well as the use of development assistance to help migrant workers .	44. 委员会注意到某些国家和马里之间就马里移徙工人及其家庭成员的自愿回归制定的合作方案，以及利用发展援助帮助移徙工人的情况。
okay . get down here .	下来
those who commit unlawful sexual intercourse of your women - bring against them four witnesses from among you . and if they testify, confine the guilty women to houses until death takes them or allah ordains for them another way .	你们的妇女，若作丑事，你们当在你们的男人中寻求四个人作见证；如果他们已作证，你们就应当把她们拘留在家里，直到她们死亡，或真主为她们开辟一条出路。
moreover, it is interesting to bear in mind the case law of the inter-american court of human rights in relation to the recognition of the territorial rights of indigenous peoples .	37. 而且，铭记美洲人权法院承认土著人民领土权的案例也很有意义。
that 12 hands in a row, holliday ?	狗雜碎 沒人會這么幸運
the resources of 3,192,500 requested for official travel reflect an increase of 1,067,300 50 .2 per cent .	161. 请批公务差旅资源为3 192 500美元，增加了1 067 300美元（50.2 ）。
on earth, cities are built with iron girders and concrete beams-- an invisible scaffold which holds buildings up against the pull of gravity .	在地球上， 铁梁和混凝土梁建成了城市 -- 一种隐形的脚手架对抗着地心引力的 牵引使得建筑物都笔直朝上．
he should've been 10 years ago .	他十年前就该死了
that is, however, the limit of the depositary's duty in this connexion .	但是，这就是保存人在这方面的责任的界限。
annex	附件
-yes .	是的 好的?
the black hole !	黑洞！
well . . .	额。 。 。
there can be miracles	只要你有信心
we welcome the council's attention given to africa, particularly during recent months .	我们欢迎安理会尤其是近几个月对非洲所给予的关注。
we'll see .	走着瞧
restructuring and revitalization of the united nations in the economic, social and related fields p .59 .	58. 联合国经济、社会及有关领域的结构改革与恢复活力[临59]。
requirements related to conference servicing, by object of expenditure	表五.3 按支出用途开列的与会议事务有关的所需经费
- too soon, shane .	- 没心情开玩笑 Shane
have you ever seen anything more beautiful ?	你有看到过比这更美的吗？
what rhymes with siam ?	跟暹逻押韵的字是什么？
and it's happened before .	而且这以前就发生过
her presence, her scent .	她的存在，她的气息
the range of services includes modern family planning methods maternal health care, assisted delivery, and essential and emergency obstetric care prevention and management of reproductive tract infections rtis , including stis prevention of hiv aids management of the consequences and complications of unsafe abortion and information, education and counselling on human sexuality and reproductive health, including family planning .	全范围的服务包括：现代计划生育方法；产妇保健；接生护理；以及基本产科护理和产科急诊；防止和管理生殖道感染、包括性传播感染；预防艾滋病毒 艾滋病；管理不安全堕胎的后遗症；就人的性行为和生殖保健、包括计划生育进行宣传、教育和咨询。
requests the economic and social council to implement the provisions of the johannesburg plan of implementation relevant to its mandate and, in particular, to promote the implementation of agenda 21 by strengthening systemwide coordination	9. 请经济及社会理事会执行《约翰内斯堡执行计划》内与其任务相关的规定，尤其是通过加强全系统的协调，促进《21世纪议程》的执行；
don't tell me how to do my job .	-別對我的工作指手畫腳 -我是說...
nevertheless, there are certain measures that have proved effective in stemming corruption in el salvador, mexico and elsewhere .	然而，在萨尔瓦多、墨西哥及其他地方，有一些措施已证明能有效阻止的腐败现象。
in favour	赞成：
in order to further advance the political process in afghanistan, the upcoming constitutional loya jirga must be successful in producing concrete results which will pave the way for the election to be held next year .	为了进一步推进阿富汗的政治进程，即将召开的制宪大国民议会必须顺利取得具体成果，为明年举行选举铺平道路。
what's happening ?	怎么回事？
agent hanna !	Hanna探员!
special agent lisbon asked me to take over the interview .	特别探员Lisbon让我接手你的审问
taking note of the report by the administering power that most american samoan leaders express satisfaction with the territory's present relationship with the united states of america, as reflected in statements made by those leaders in the regional seminars held in havana, cuba and nadi, fiji, in 2001 and 2002, respectively,	注意到管理国的报告，从2001年和2002年美属萨摩亚领导人分别在古巴哈瓦那和斐济纳迪举行的区域讨论会上的发言可见，多数美属萨摩亚领导人对该领土目前同美利坚合众国的关系表示满意，
that's a strong muscle right there .	真強壯的肌肉
it is clear from the advisory opinion of the international court of justice that states have a legal obligation not only to pursue in good faith but also to bring to an early conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects .	国际法院的咨询意见明确表明，各国都负有法律义务，不仅要真诚进行而且还要早日完成导致各方面核裁军的谈判。
- we come in peace .	我们和平的来
the president i declare open the 1007th plenary meeting of the conference on disarmament .	主席：我宣布裁军谈判会议第1007次全体会议现在开始。
item 9 b of the provisional agenda	临时议程 项目9(b)
so you're going to be on your own for 6, 8 or 18 months .	政府才刚成立
my bride is freedom . . .	自由是我新娘 他有什么问题?
- don't make problems .	-如果后面你出什么问题
identical letters dated 20 august 2009 from the permanent representative of lebanon to the united nations addressed to the secretary-general and the president of the security council	2009年8月20日黎巴嫩常驻联合国代表给秘书长和安全理事会主席的同文信
finch, i got a sniper on my 6 00 .	Finch 我6点钟方向有个狙击手
previous completion strategy report	(上次完成工作战略报告)
the manufacturer shall provide the following information with each fuel cell cartridge	填装燃料电池盒，必须按照制造商规定的程序。
crc c sen co 2, para .	CRC C SEN CO 2 para. 23.
anything you can cook quickly	你什么弄的快，就上什么
at the completion of phase ii, the military structure would comprise a force headquarters, two infantry battalions, two demining units, other existing support elements and up to 220 military observers .	在第二阶段完成后，军事结构将包括一个部队总部、两个步兵营、两个排雷组、现有的其他支助人员和至多220名军事观察员。
the president, with the consent of the council, invited the representative of serbia and montenegro, at his request, to participate in the discussion of the item without the right to vote, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the charter and rule 37 of the council's provisional rules of procedure .	主席应塞尔维亚和黑山代表的要求，并经安理会同意，根据《宪章》有关规定和安理会暂行议事规则第37条，邀请这位代表参加关于该项目的讨论，但无表决权。
just details . her, and . . . sure, yeah .	她...
let's just keep going .	繼續走吧
- well, i have 300 of my own money .	-怎麼來的？
we believe that it should continue in accordance with its mandate and to the extent possible on the ground, to support and consolidate all activities that will lead to political and legal stability, to institutional and economic reconstruction, to the provision of humanitarian assistance and to ensuring that human rights are respected in iraq .	我们认为它应该根据其任务规定在当地尽可能提供支持，以巩固目前正在开展的各项活动，实现政治和法律稳定，机构和经济重建，提供人道主义援助，并确保在伊拉克尊重人权。
don't go near moonacre . . . that house is damned !	不要去月亮坪 那个地方被诅咒了
mm report of the international civil service commission for the year 2005	(mm) 公务员制度委员会2005年报告；
the department of management sets and monitors the overall administrative policy .	管理事务部制定并监测全盘行政政策。
a relationship filled with heat and passion .	一种充满火热和激情的爱情
i'd like to take some of your vitals,	我等不及去看看 你说的'那里'
the shock will wear off .	震惊慢慢会消失的
private practice for doctors abolished .	醫生私人執業被廢止
ms . patricia lewis ex officio member a, b director, united nations institute for disarmament research geneva	Patricia Lewis女士（当然成员）a b 联合国裁军研究所所长 日内瓦
what are we gonna do now ?	- -我们该怎么办？
recognizing the increasing impact of hiv aids on women and girls, the programme coordinating board called for a stronger focus on the underlying gender, social, cultural and economic issues .	26. 方案协调委员会认识到艾滋病毒 艾滋病对妇女和女童的影响日益严重，要求更加注重性别、社会、文化和经济等方面的根本问题。
one new general service other level post in the cashier unit of the financial services section	财务科出纳股增设一个一般事务类其他职等员额
the governorate council and command elements of the police are in early stages of establishing an effective working relationship .	省委员会和警察部队指挥官正在初步建立有效的工作关系。
is it better ?	感觉好点吗？
yeah .	是的。
i'm coming . oh, my goodness .	- 我们的桌子太小了
the working group also considered likely items for future work as being court-ordered interim measures of protection in support of arbitration scope of interim measures that may be ordered by arbitral tribunals and validity of agreements to arbitrate .	12. 工作组还认为，可在未来开展工作的项目包括：法院为支持仲裁而下达的临时保护措施；可由仲裁庭下达的临时措施的范围；仲裁协议的有效性。
can i get you anything else ?	可以点别的吗?
i accept and renounce my right to appeal .	我接受，并放弃上诉的权利
brothers, cheers !	各位兄弟，大家干一杯！
you . . .	你...
i know you think you're fighting fire with fire, but if you keep down that path, everyone will burn, including innocents like daniel .	我知道你觉得以暴制暴很有效 但如果你继续这么下去 没人会安然无恙的 包括Daniel
that experience reaffirmed our belief that consistent political commitment and strict enforcement of traffic laws at all levels, as well as public support and involvement, are critical if road safety initiatives are to have the intended results .	这一经验使我们坚信，交通安全举措要取得预期结果，就必须在各级做出一致政治承诺和严格执行交通法，以及必须有公众支持与参与。
if you imagine the body of your rocket as a fuselage of a future airplane -	我们把火箭的壳体 当作未来飞机的机身 你看行吗？
hi, babe .	嗨，宝贝。
however, the revolutionary united front ruf rebel movement was able to acquire a considerable amount of arms and ammunition to maintain its vicious campaign of death and terror, with the direct and indirect support of a network of international and regional arms dealers .	然而，在一个国际和区域军火商网络的直接和间接的支持下，革命联合阵线 （联阵）叛乱运动得以获取相当多的武器和弹药来维持其制造死亡和恐怖的罪恶运动。
you can do that own thing if you like, miss faraday . . .	妳可以"随其自然" 只要妳喜欢，法拉第小姐
move forward !	前进！
ben gurion airport	本古里安机场
what are you doin' out here ?	你在外面幹嗎呢?
because women have historically had to cope with innumerable constraints, special emphasis is being given to their development .	由于妇女在历史上面临无数限制，因此她们的发展正受到特别强调。
as regards the strengthening of the capacity of unhcr to carry out its mandate, sadc hoped, in particular, that in defining core activities and priorities the high commissioner would take account of the difficulties of developing host countries .	就难民专员办事处履行其职责而言，南部非洲发展共同体尤其希望难民专员办事处在拟定其业务活动和优先目标时，应考虑到作为发展中国家的难民接收国所碰到的困难。
we are very confident that this initiative will contribute to the creation of a virtuous circle of socio-political inclusion, development and peace in the whole of africa .	我们坚信，这一主动行动将有助于在整个非洲形成一个社会政治包容、发展以及和平的良性循环。
oh, no, no, no .	不！ 你只能老实待在这儿
i'm sorry .	对不起。
used to treat people in late stages of vascular dementia .	用於血管性癡呆的晚期治療
we reject the view that they can be considered to be distinct from the need to acknowledge the global character of the npt .	我们拒绝接受那种认为它们与需要承认不扩散条约的全球性质泾渭分明的观点。
- really ?	- 是吗？
the security council proceeded to vote on draft resolution s 2003 803, and adopted it unanimously as resolution 1499 2003 for the text, see s res 1499 2003 to be issued in official records of the security council, resolutions and decisions of the security council, 1 august 2003-31 july 2004 .	安全理事会对决议草案S 2003 803进行表决，获得一致通过，成为第1499（2003）号决议（案文见S RES 1499（2003）；将在《安全理事会正式记录，安全理事会的决议和决定，2003年8月1日-2004年7月31日》中印发）。
why do you think that this miracle really exists ?	那你为什麽知道 这样的奇迹真的存在?
you know her ? tell me now .	你认识她？
i have to go .	我得走了。
i'm sure ponyo is fine too .	和理纱一样 波妞也很精神的
it's me .	是我
inscae institut national des sciences comptables et de l'administration des entreprises	资料来源：国家统计研究院 家庭情况统计局，2002年。
prince, i've found you .	王子，终于找到你了
we are trying to provide full psychological support to hiv-carriers and the members of their families .	我们正力图向艾滋病毒携带者及其家庭成员提供充分的心理支助。
thousands of united states dollars	（单位：千美元）
e recognizes the need for balancing the principle of rotation with the need for continuity	“(e) 承认需要平衡兼顾轮换原则和保持延续性的必要性；
i used to only make that art house crap .	我曾经只会建造"艺术家居"那种垃圾建筑
on 22 october 2007, the secretariat-general prepared a detailed report on the pilgrimage of abraham , linking historical and religious sites from turkey to hebron .	74. 该计划还着重于旅游部门，在现代复兴的数年内旅游业发生了巨大的变化。
it also provided detailed information on the legislative, administrative and other steps taken in guatemala to combat impunity .	它在具体谈到危地马拉的情况时说，该国法不治罪现象的原因业已查明，因此现有的各主题的报告员最好能将法不治罪问题纳入其工作当中。
to maintain, strengthen and develop fraternal arab-iranian relations, we call upon the government of iran to withdraw from the three arab islands of greater tunb, lesser tunb and abu musa and restore them to the sovereignty of the united arab emirates .	为了维护、加强和发展阿拉伯与伊朗之间的兄弟关系，我们呼吁伊朗从三个阿拉伯岛屿（大通布、小通布和阿布姆萨岛）撤出，将其主权归还给阿拉伯联合酋长国。
it was essential that infrastructure be considered at the local, national and regional levels, involving both public and private sector financing .	重要的是，必需在地方、国家和区域各级考虑涉及公营和私营部门筹资的基础设施问题。
in the united nations system the respective mandates of the various agencies, funds and programmes should be better coordinated .	在联合国系统，应更好地协调各种机构、基金会和方案各自的任务。
raymond soule's crowd have been going at it with every dirty trick there is in the book .	Raymond Soul的观众见识了
this field is such a mess .	这块地真是一团糟
driver-related findings	与驱动程序有关的调查结果
the aim of this programme is to improve schoolchildren's nutrition status through two subprogrammes, the school snack subprogramme and the school lunch subprogramme . under the first of these, a snack designed to supplement children's diet is distributed in official urban and rural schools throughout the country .	这一方案的目的在于通过加餐和早餐两个分方案来改善学生的营养；加餐分方案在于增加食品，在全国22个省的城乡公立学校里实施。
about 20 days .	二十日左右
man on tv hello . uh, can we have your liver ?	你好 能把你的肝给我们吗
thursday, 4 january 2007, from 11 a .m . to 1 p .m . in conference room 5 .	2007年1月4日星期四上午11时至下午1时，第5会议室。
the customer subsequently requested postponement of the export until the following year, requiring the producing party to stockpile the feedstock until that time	客户可能会随时要求暂缓出口，直至下一个年份。
b report of the fifth committee a 63 651	(b) 第五委员会的报告(A 63 651)
all right, boys, find a seat . over here, mr . blackford .	好的，伙计们，就坐吧 Blackford 先生，这边来
boy, am i glad to see you .	天 ， 看到你真好 ， 你有没有钱 ?
i wasn't trying to screw you .	你不懂，我没恶搞你
ah, the, ah,	啊，，，呀，，
. . .restless days, - sleepless nights . . .	失眠的晚上
the representative of haiti asked for clarifications concerning the thematic session on governance, peace and social stability .	140. 海地代表要求就关于国家治理、和平和社会稳定的专题会议作出澄清。
you're looking good .	你看起来不错
although it is estimated that a landmine threat is fairly low in eastern chad, and particularly along the border with the central african republic, there is a confirmed threat from the presence of explosive remnants of war and the potential for landmine use to disrupt the activities of the mission .	85. 据估计，地雷的威胁在乍得东部相当低，与中非共和国之间边界线一带尤其如此，但是现已确认存在战争遗留爆炸物带来的威胁，并存在使用地雷破坏特派团行动的可能性。
she's an impostor !	你应该会相信人我吧？ 那个人不是我！
2 . reaffirms the inalienable rights of the palestinian people and the population of the occupied syrian golan over their natural resources, including land and water	2. 重申巴勒斯坦人民和被占领叙利亚戈兰的人民对其自然资源、包括土地和水资源，享有不可剥夺的权利；
upon death of any marine organism, a portion of the organism's dna is released in the ocean as naked dna .	海洋生物死后，有一部分DNA会释入海洋成为裸DNA。
let me guess . . . they all have rock-solid alibis ?	创伤后应激障碍 愤怒控制问题
the consultation considered existing initiatives and standards relevant to the financial sector, and examined ways to strengthen protection of human rights in the activities and decision-making of financial institutions .	公共和私营部门金融机构代表、非政府组织代表以及专家参加了这次磋商，磋商审议了金融业的现有倡议和标准，探讨了如何在金融机构活动和决策中保护人权。
we are pleased that the brahimi recommendations have been well received and are supported by the security council . as a way of contributing to ensuring adequate resources for peacekeeping, slovenia decided last year to voluntarily relinquish the discount in the peacekeeping scale of assessments that it has enjoyed .	我们感到高兴的是，安全理事会欢迎并支持卜拉希米建议，去年斯洛文尼亚决定自愿放弃它所享有的维持和平行动分摊款额的折扣额，以此支助确保维持和平行动获得足够的资金。
- okay, then i'll take a sportscar .	- 好 那我要一辆赛车
i think he's really sorry .	他也有反省之意
the declaration set in motion the process of decolonization, which enabled many peoples in the former non-self-governing territories despite their small size and population, geographic remoteness and limited natural resources to exercise their choice to freely determine their political status and to freely pursue economic, social and cultural development .	《宣言》发起了非殖民化的进程，是原来的非自治领土上的许多人民能自由地决定他们的政治地位，自由的推行经济、社会和文化发展，尽管他们面积小、人口少，地理位置远和自然资源有限。
invites all states, specialized agencies, non-governmental organizations and scholars to continue to participate actively in the work of the working group	10. 邀请各国、各专门机构、非政府组织和学者继续积极参加工作组的工作；
he and his co-defendant mr . arutyunyan were found guilty of murder and robbery .	他和他的同案犯Arutyunyan先生被裁定犯有凶杀和抢劫罪。
over the past year, many states have expressed interest in finding ways to manage migration flows in a more orderly and systematic manner .	在过去一年中，许多国家已经表示想找到能够更有秩序和更有系统地管理移徙流动的途径。
no, it's nothing .	- 不 没什么 - 好好想想
where did he find her ?	在哪里找到的？
perhaps, our blood has something that ls . . . shielding us, protecting us .	也许我们的血液里有抗体 保护我们不受感染
figures .	手指。
and second, there's a long way to go for me to get married .	其次 婚姻距离我还是很远的
had she ever worked on a beat ?	这女人做过巡逻没有？
encourages member states, the secretariat, organizations of the united nations system and major groups to continue their efforts to achieve the internationally agreed water-related goals contained in agenda 21,1 the programme for the further implementation of agenda 21,2 the millennium declaration5 and the johannesburg plan of implementation 3	3. 鼓励会员国、秘书处、联合国系统各组织和主要群体继续努力实现《21世纪议程》、1 进一步执行《21世纪议程》方案、2《千年宣言》5 和《约翰内斯堡执行计划》3 中所载国际商定的与水有关的目标；
- wayne ?	- 韦恩？
the fund would be administered by the budget and financial management service of the united nations office at nairobi .	将由联合国内罗毕办事处的预算和财务管理处负责对此项信托基金进行管理。
contents	总方向
you know, i used to have that . and then, hell, i turned 13 .	我曾经也有这种习惯 但我13岁就...
having considered the report of the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space on the work of its forty-eighth session,	审议了和平利用外层空间委员会第四十八届会议工作报告，
i'm trying out this natural deodorant for the store .	我在为商店试用一种新的天然止汗剂
this law also introduces the institution of restraining order , which was one of the questions to which the committee referred in its concluding comments to the initial report .	本法律还采用了“限制行动令”的制度，这是委员会在《首次报告》的结论中提及的一个问题。
we are a country that, during its transition from conflict to peace, suffered the consequences of natural disasters, such as the powerful hurricane mitch, which devastated central america in 1998, only two years after the signing of the peace agreements in guatemala .	当我们从冲突向和平过渡时，我们国家遭受了自然灾害影响，例如1998年对中美洲造成破坏的强大的米奇飓风，当时距危地马拉签订和平协定仅两年。
home already ? i'm so happy .	这么早就回来了 我真开心
another major threat to children is continued armed conflict .	10. 儿童受到的另一重大威胁是不断的武装冲突。
adoption of the report .	14. 通过报告。
well, of course . it's what i'm here for .	没问题 我就在这
your battery's working now .	你的电池的工作现在。
biodiesel sustainability certification schemes are being developed to address such concerns .	正在拟订生物柴油可持续认证制度，以解决这些问题。
the committee recommends that the state party ratify the international convention on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination .	31. 委员会建议缔约国批准《消除一切形式种族歧视国际公约》。
my delegation joins other council members in welcoming efforts made by the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs ocha and united nations missions to protect civilians in armed conflict .	我国代表团和其它安理会成员一样，欢迎人道主义事务协调厅（人道协调厅）和各联合国特派团为在武装冲突中保护平民所作的努力。
the ministers agreed that continued support and participation in those organizations is important .	部长们商定，在这些组织中继续提供的支持和进行的参与很重要。
the lack of response to important proposals and the ideas raised during our may and june sessions, for example, showed that some delegations were not prepared to engage in a constructive process aimed, for instance, at identifying the legal criteria for permanent membership or at limiting the use of the veto .	例如，对我们5、6月的会议期间所提的重要建议和设想没有作出反应的事实表明，一些代表团不准备参与建设性的进程，以便例如找出常任理事国的法律标准或是限制使用否决权。
i look like kermit the frog . oh, god . artie, stop doing that !	上帝 Artie 别再这样了!
it's more humane to experiment on them than on the earth rabbits .	这可比地球上 拿兔子来实验要人道得多.
most of the schools are government owned and about 10 percent are privately run schools .	这些学校大多数为国有性质，大约10 为私营学校。
kinshasa 453	金沙萨 453
use of electronic means 17 - 20 6	B. 电子手段的使用 17 - 20 7
recommends that the regional preparatory processes should include the campaign for information and sensitization of public opinion to the objectives of the world conference on their agenda	60. 建议区域筹备进程在议程上应列入向公众舆论展开新闻和宣传运动，使之了解世界会议的各项目标；
- oh, fuck !	- 哦 操
c report of the secretary-general on the programme performance of the united nations for the biennium 1998-1999 a 55 73	(c) 秘书长关于1998-1999两年期联合国方案执行情况的报告（A 55 73）；
third session	第三届会议
in the light of the above, our committee calls upon israel to withdraw its forces from all areas under palestinian control immediately and refrain from undertaking such incursions in the future .	鉴于以上情况，我们委员会要求以色列立即将其部队撤出所有巴勒斯坦人控制的地区，今后不再进行这种入侵。
house cleaning .	打扫屋子
the group is aware that the committee is seized of this issue .	监测组意识到委员会正在处理这个问题。
- hey, thanks .	- 谢了
in that context, many participants noted the importance of an improved approach to the definition of debt sustainability in determining the appropriate amounts of debt relief, and the mix of grants and loans to be provided to developing countries .	在这方面很多与会者指出，必须更准确地对债务可持续承受能力作出定义，以确定向发展中国家提供债务减免的适当数额及赠款和贷款的比重。
- i think we've been had .	- 我想我们已经...
i doubt you'll be seeing anything strange on this farm for a long time .	这有啥有趣的
i don't want you to be the guy who lives in his stories .	我不希望你变成活在故事里的人
i should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the security council .	请将本函及其附件作为安全理事会文件分发为荷。
it was noted that programme 8 had been created in response to the adoption of un-nadaf, and as such, its orientation, structure and content would need to be adapted, to reflect the outcome of the final review and appraisal .	有人指出，方案8是通过联合国非洲发展新议程时设立的，因此，将有必要对方案的方向、结构和内容进行调整，以便反映最后审查和评价的结果。
but it looks like god has chosen the way for them to join him .	但似乎上帝用同样的方式 把他俩带到了他身旁
the process begun at the 1996 regional conference to address the problems of refugees, displaced persons, other forms of involuntary displacement and returnees in the countries of the commonwealth of independent states and relevant neighbouring states had proved its effectiveness and had to a large extent determined the policy of the countries members of cis in the matter .	3. 自1996年处理独立国家联合体各国和有关邻国的难民、流离失所者、其他形式的非自愿流离失所和回返者问题区域会议以来开始的工作进程已证明其成效是显著的，并在很大程度上确定了独联体各成员国在这方面的政策。
you know, frankly, i kind of admire charlotte for looking at her situation and deciding to marry mr . collins .	事实上我很敬佩夏洛特 因为她在那样的情况下决定嫁给科林斯先生
the security council reaffirms that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security, and that any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable, regardless of their motivation, wherever, whenever and by whomsoever committed .	“安全理事会重申，一切形式和表现的恐怖主义都是对国际和平与安全的最严重威胁之一，任何恐怖主义行为，不论其动机为何，在何地、何时发生，何人所为，都是不可开脱的犯罪行为。
china is active in advancing regional economic cooperation in central asia, north-east asia and the greater mekong subregion .	中国积极推动中亚、东北亚、大湄公河次区域等汇集亚洲等发展中国家的区域经济合作，并通过中非合作论坛等机制，不断加大对非洲内陆发展中国家的支持力度。
see section b below .	见下文（b）节。
sagittarius . it's about 50,000 light-years away from earth	它距离地球约5万光年
an agreement was then concluded between the government and the opposition in the form of the alliance des forces d mocratiques et sociales afds and the front pour la restauration et la d fense de la d mocratie frdd .	35. 随后政府与以民主和社会力量联盟和恢复与维护民主阵线的形式结成的反对派达成协议。
think we can get out of here ?	我們能出去嗎？
i hope i won't have to remind you that if you don't find this cheese-eating rat bastard in your department you can assume it won't be me who pays for it .	不过，科林 我还是要提醒你 如果你找不出这只偷吃的"家鼠"的话 那么受罪可就不是我了
rules relating to article 109	与第一百零九条有关的规则
do you know what this is ?	你晓得这是什么吗？
because you invented precrime .	因为系统是你发明的
commission on the status of women	妇女地位委员会
well, it . . .	嗯...
- a bit .	- 一点点。
then it's true ?	真的是那样吗？
i had a small part on your tv show a few years ago .	几年前我参演了 你电视节目中的一个小角色
what exactly might they be ?	会是什么问题？
it recommended that benin systematically and continuously integrate a gender perspective in the follow-up process to the review .	它建议贝宁系统和持续不断地将性别观纳入后续审查进程。
a thematic approach will be the most effective means of working towards an irreducible minimum number of amendments to the current text, using the key areas of concern as a basis to structure discussions and negotiations .	主题办法，即利用重大关切领域作为组织讨论和谈判的框架，是对当前文本进行不可再少的最低限度的修改的最有效工作方法。
are you gonna see the show ?	你想看表演嗎？
ooh !	哦!
drop your gun and climb up slowly	把枪放下，慢慢起来！
how much ?	有多少？
i will never be a slave again .	我再也不会是奴儿身了
lack of accountability for past gross human rights violations, including disappearances, by the nepalese army remains one of the main concerns of ohchr .	对过去的大规模人权侵犯行为、包括尼泊尔军方所造成的失踪案，依然是人权高专办的主要关注问题。
on the other hand, useful progress has been made in the drafting of uniform regulations for certain aspects ignored in earlier sets of rules concerning transport for example, with regard to electronic records, performing party, right of control, etc . .	另一方面，就有关运输的前几份规则所忽视的某些方面（例如，在关于电子记录、履约方、控制权等方面）草拟统一条例上取得了有益的进展。
election of the officers of the main committees item 5 .	35. 选举各主要委员会的主席团成员（项目5）。
dad !	爸爸
an important prerequisite was to ensure the streamlined efficiency of the security apparatus .	一个重要前提是确保安全机构精简有效。
my foundations have been active in educating roma for more than 25 years . over that period, we have educated a small cohort of young roma who retain their identity and yet can break the hostile stereotypes held by those with whom they interact .	好消息是我们知道如何将罗姆人小孩武装成社会的生产力大军成员。我的基金会活跃于罗姆人教育领域已超过25年。在此期间，我们教育了一小群年轻罗姆人，他们保持着自己的罗姆人身份，但仍能打破交际圈中对他们的敌意偏见。
this indicator targets links between poverty and land degradation .	这个指标所针对的是贫困与土地退化的联系。
the continued confiscation of palestinian lands by israel has substantially undermined the agricultural sector's absorptive capacity .	20. 以色列继续强占巴勒斯坦土地严重损害了农业部门的吸收能力。
the stronger you are, the stronger your opponent .	遇强则强
they brought war to our land !	是他们在我们的领土开战! They brought war to our land!
otherwise the gap between the haves and the have nots would get even larger .	不然“拥有者”和“非拥有者”的差别会越来越大。
field personnel estimate its diameter to be 200 meters .	它的直径达到了200米
he supported the recommendations made by the advisory committee, which would ensure that unmiset had sufficient resources to operate until the fully justified budget documents were submitted and approved .	他支持咨询委员会提出的建议，这些建议将确保东帝汶支助团在完全合理的预算文件被提交和批准之前有充足的资源开展业务活动。
he said that he knew things about you that i didn't .	他說，他知道的事情你 我沒有。
make an example for the younger guys .	Make an example for the younger guys. 给年轻小伙子做个榜样
all participants in these negotiations should therefore strive to accelerate progress, in particular on some of the major items that will have a direct bearing on the attainment of the millennium development goals .	因此，这些谈判的所有参与者都应努力加快进展，尤其是就一些将对实现千年发展目标产生直接影响的重大事项而言。
we're using lithium hydroxide to filter out the co2 .	我们用氢氧化锂来过滤二氧化碳
in latin america and the caribbean and africa, regional, subregional and national networks were also established around the geo for youth and the aeo for youth processes .	在拉丁美洲及加勒比和非洲 还围绕着青年全球环境展望和青年非洲环境展望的进程建立了区域、分区域和国家网络。
dude, i'm so cold right now .	- 哥们儿 我现在好冷啊
prev	綴豖
i didn't realize i'd grown a beard the size of my neck .	我没意识到胡子比脖子都粗了
these posts are requested to strengthen the payroll and vendor payment units in view of the full deployment of the military personnel and civilian police .	请求设立这两个员额的目的是，鉴于要全员部署军事人员和民警，需要加强薪金股和供应商付款股的力量。
we urge all states to conclude comprehensive safeguards agreements with the international atomic energy agency iaea and to adhere to the safeguards regime in its entirety .	我们敦促所有国家与国际原子能机构（原子能机构）缔结全面的保障监督协定，并全面遵守保障监督制度。
the easy availability of landmines is the main reason behind those tragedies .	容易获得地雷是造成这些悲剧的主要原因。
at the 910th plenary meeting on 15 august 2002, the president suggested that the conference on disarmament continue its consideration and to this end the appointment of a special coordinator for this issue could be considered .	在2002年8月15日第910次全体会议上，主席建议裁军谈判会议继续进行审议并为此考虑任命一位关于这个议题的特别协调员。
as a result, we propose deletion of draft article 5, paragraph 2 .	因此，我们建议将第5条草案第2款删除。
no progress had been achieved with regard to the implementation of the 1995 resolution on the middle east .	67. 在实施1995年的中东决议方面没有取得任何进展。
it was clear that the committee supported unhcr's efforts in this area, whether in relation to reform within the united nations system or within unhcr itself .	显然，委员会支持难民署在这方面或是关于联合国系统内的改革或是在难民署内的改革的努力。
they will not believe in it until they see the grievous penalty	他們不信仰它，直到他們看見痛苦的刑罰。
brush ya hair over the bulge so no-one can see it and send you home .	但你需要的是 有人来切除肿瘤
other activities give credibility to new caledonian institutions, their workings and the implementation of the noum a accord .	其他活动使新喀里多尼亚各机构、其运作以及《努美阿协议》的执行工作具有了可信度。
i understand .	明白
you know this is crap .	他们以为是我出事了
. . .sir !	长官！
according to the 1992-1993 household survey, some 2 million salvadorans, 37 per cent of them women and 63 per cent men, are economically active 27 per cent of rural workers and 57 .72 per cent the majority of workers in the informal sector are women .	按照1992-1993年《家庭调查报告》，有大约200万的PEA萨尔瓦多人，妇女占37 和男子占63 。 在农村人口中务农妇女占27 ；在非正式部门中妇女人数最多，占这个部门的总职工人数的57.72 。
let's get you all naked .	让我们来兴奋起来 肉帛相见吧
amnesty international ai noted that in the course of 2007, the government failed to respond to united nations human rights bodies in respect to requests for access and on individual cases raised in 2006 .	4. 大赦国际指出，2007年，该国政府对联合国人权各机构在2006年提出的个别案件要求介入和查询的请求置之不理。
pete !	.
the united nations and other partners are examining with the relevant national authorities how to fight this disease .	联合国和其他合作伙伴正在与相关国家机构审议如何消除这种病虫害。
hi everyone, i am kuto shinichi	大家好 我是工藤新一
however, several speakers were of the view that not enough had been achieved to enhance the effective participation of developing countries in the bretton woods institutions .	然而，有几位发言者认为，就加强发展中国家在布雷顿森林机构内的有效参与而言，尚未取得足够的进展。
he'll be back .	等下就回来
sometimes, as in the case of south africa, truth and repentance may take precedence over the requirements of justice .	有时(如南非的情况)，真理和悔改可能比司法要求更为重要。
look, little guy . you see that guy right there ?	瞧，小家伙 你看见那边那个家伙了吗？
just paralyzed temporarily .	你只是暂时... 被麻痹了。
eddie, you're so serious .	埃迪，你这么严肃
in the commodities area, unctad's work aims at improving the contribution of the commodities sector to development .	29. 在初级商品领域，贸发会议工作的目的是增加初级商品部门对发展的贡献。
a clay cylinder covered in akkadian cuneiform script, damaged and broken, the cyrus cylinder is a powerful symbol of religious tolerance and multi-culturalism . in this enthralling talk neil macgregor, director of the british museum, traces 2600 years of middle eastern history through this single object .	遍刻着阿卡德人楔形文字，且有些破损的陶制圆柱就是塞鲁士圆柱，是宗教宽容和多元文化的有力象征。在这场引人入胜的演讲中，大英博物馆馆长内尔 马克雷格，通过这件文物，追溯了2600年的中东历史。
let your wife know that this is my last act of mercy .	告诉你的妻子 这是我最后的怜悯和恩惠了
in describing the events denounced, the claim	根据已经揭露的事实，起诉书：
let's say . . . you can get a trained professional to be on hand ?	让我们说... 你可以得到一个训练有素 专业人士到场？
along the border between ethiopia and eritrea, unfpa worked with unaids to train united nations peacekeepers about reproductive health needs and hiv aids prevention in emergency situations .	在埃塞俄比亚和厄立特里亚边界，人口基金与艾滋病方案一起对维持和平人员进行关于紧急情况下的生殖保健需要和艾滋病毒 艾滋病预防培训。
if you wanna run, do it barefoot	要跑就光着脚丫子跑
if they did the triple, they wouldn't be able to do the four leaf clover .	如果他们这么做了三倍，他们不会 能够做到的四叶三叶草。
- honey . . .	- 亲爱的
taking into consideration the provisions of the geneva convention relative to the protection of civilian persons in time of war, of 12 august 1949, the provisions of additional protocol i thereto of 1977 and the hague convention iv of 1907,	考虑到1949年8月12日《关于战时保护平民的日内瓦公约》及其1977年第一附加议定书和1907年《第四号海牙公约》的规定，
between them, they're capable of launching 33 volleys, comprising 333 discharges .	33次齐射 共333颗炮弹 现在...
the au emphasized the importance of diplomacy and negotiations in conflict resolution .	非盟强调通过外交和谈判解决冲突的重要性。
a french scholar predicted just over a century ago that universal peace will be achieved one day, not because men have become better but because a new order of things, a new science and new economic imperatives will impose the state of peace on them .	一个多世纪以前，一名法国学者预言：“天下和平总有一天会实现，但并不是因为人类学好了，……而是因为人世间的新的秩序、新的科学和新的经济需要使人类不得不和平相处”。
haven't heard anything .	還沒有，你找到什麼了嗎，湯米？
we suggest deleting elements 3 and 5 as currently formulated and replacing them by the following	我们建议删除要件3和要件5的案文 改以如下一个案文代替:
unicef has had a goal of increasing the representation of women in professional posts to 50 per cent .	29． 儿童基金会已制订一项将妇女在专业员额中的任职人数增加到50 的目标。
furthermore, legislation is being prepared to incorporate the european convention on human rights into irish law .	此外，正在拟订法律，把《欧洲人权公约》纳入爱尔兰法律。
the police academy is training police candidates and officers in aspects related to the prevention of domestic violence and violence against women, carrying out awareness-raising programmes for male and female police personnel .	内政部－国家民事警察署（PNC） 2007年，内政部民事警察局实施了妇女整体安全保障方案，其特定目标包括：保护、调查、机构间协调、行动协调、培训、照料机构和方案的制度化。
the contents of the books are as follows	49. 这四章分别处理以下问题：
its judgements have covered disputes concerning sovereignty over islands, navigational rights of states, nationality, asylum, expropriation, law of the sea, land and maritime boundaries, enunciation of the principle of good faith, equity and legitimacy of use of force .	其判决涵盖有关对岛屿的主权、各国的航海权、国籍、庇护、没收、海洋法、陆上和海洋边界、阐述诚意原则、平等和使用武力的合法性的争端和争论。
v provision of administrative support, including the processing of about 1,500 invoices and related contracts	提供行政支助，包括处理约1 500份发票和有关合同；
in an address released on 16 december 2007, zawahiri said that there was no such thing as al-qaida in iraq and that the islamic state of iraq was the sole affiliate there .	在2007年12月16日发表的讲话中，Zawahiri说，根本没有什么伊拉克基地组织，伊拉克伊斯兰国是唯一的附属机构。
you're purring like a kitten, pete .	还好附近有个城镇
- what sort of trouble ?	- 哪種麻煩呢？
despite the shortage of lawyers, the bar association continues to interpret narrowly article 32 of the law on the bar to restrict the admission of young law graduates to the association .	尽管律师很缺乏，律师协会仍然刻板地解释《律师法》第32条，以限制年轻的法律专业大学毕业生加入协会。
since then, morocco had been pressing the united nations to seek other solutions which were contrary to international law and in open opposition to the letter and spirit of the settlement plan .	其后，摩洛哥一直在迫使联合国寻求不符合国际法而且显然违背了解决计划的文字和精神的其它各项解决方案。
a little bit is just my pet phrase	略懂是我的口头语
ah . hey, um, after this is over,	婚禮結束後
i just got dumped, so, salud .	我刚刚被甩了 那么... 干杯!
this is like an e error, except it is generated in php code by using the php function trigger error .	User-generated error message. This is like an E ERROR except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger error().
work on nine other new standards is under way and the advisory group on mine detection dogs will soon approve a new series on the use of dogs .	目前正在制订其他9项新标准，探雷犬咨询小组很快就会批准一系列利用探雷犬的新标准。
i think we should stick to the mouth as the only point of entry, if you get me .	我想我们应该把嘴巴作为唯一进口，如果让我说的话。
- this is good . . .	- "这是一个好"...
the president since again no candidate obtained the required two-thirds majority, there remain two seats to be filled, one from among the african and asian states, and one from among the western european and other states .	主席（以英语发言）：由于无候选人获得法定三分之二多数票，仍有两个席位有待填补，一个来自非洲和亚洲国家，一个来自西欧和其他国家。
you could go down there .	你可以去那儿，我可以陪你一起去
i'll brush my teeth in a minute, okay ?	- 我马上去刷牙，好么
there's one !	妖人出没注意!
it also takes into consideration the report dated 6 december 2007 of the security council mission to timor-leste in november 2007 s 2007 711 .	报告还考虑到2007年11月安全理事会东帝汶访问团于2007年12月6日提出的报告（S 2007 711）。
access to the austria center vienna and the vienna international centre	维也纳奥地利中心和维也纳国际中心的出入
the committee recommends that the state party implement the revised school legislation in order to ensure equality between the different regions of the country and between the various schools and educational establishments .	74. 委员会建议缔约国执行经过修正的学校立法，以确保该国不同地区和各学校以及教育机构之间的平等。
inapplicability of exceptions for political offences	不得适用政治罪的例外办法。
the provisions of this article shall, notwithstanding the provisions of article 2, apply to taxes of every kind and description .	在双边谈判中，当然应留有余地，以便在条约中插进适应特殊情况的规定。
that created a winner-takes-all electoral system, whereby the spoils of electoral victory were so great, and the stakes of winning so high, that the political process became hopelessly polarized, leading to a paralysis even of ordinary governance .	选举获胜的好处如此之多，输赢的关系如此之大，政治进程已经变得毫无希望地两极分化，甚至导致日常治理工作瘫痪。
that means that this month can, at best, be perceived as a period of consolidation of what had been achieved earlier .	这意味着，该月按最好的理解可视为先前已经取得的成果的巩固时期。
i just wanted to give them a taste .	我只是想 给他们一个味道，
you dress badly too and you're boring	你衣着难看 沉闷之极
- g . sigalov special effects designer	Sigalov 特效設計: V.
whoo, let's go, man .	喔，我们来吧，伙计
agent,uh,cramer how are you ?	什么风把你吹来了 Iysowsky? 我听说Chernus家遇到了麻烦
advancement of women 63 a	3. 提高妇女地位 [63(a)]
yeah, uh, look, i'm in indiana, uh, lafayette .	听着 我现在在印地安那 Lafayette
definition of miscellaneous characteristic features of the survey	6. 确定调查的其他各种特点
what is that ?	那是什么 What is that?
with all due respect to its authors, the peace plan for the self-determination of the people of western sahara was a magnificent plan, which specifically mentioned the word self-determination in its title judging by its content, however, a more appropriate title would have been peace plan for thwarting the western saharan people's right to self-determination .	出于对和平计划制订者的充分尊重，关于西撒哈拉人民自决的和平计划是一项杰出的计划，它在其标题中具体提到“自决”一词，然而，从其内容来看，更贴切的标题应当是“阻碍西撒哈拉人民自决权的和平计划”。
what is it ?	这是什么？
right now, for example, we have abundant warning that something horrible is going on in the greater darfur region of the sudan .	例如，现在我们有充分的警报表明，在苏丹的大达尔富尔地区正在发生某种可怕的事件。
no, no i'm not spilling the beans . . .	我没有...
in order to allow women to balance their personal and professional lives more effectively, the government had invited its social partners to reflect on improving the arrangements for parental leave and had decided that issues relating to childcare would be addressed in the context of the imminent introduction of relevant draft legislation .	为了使妇女更有效地平衡其个人和职业生活，政府已邀请一些社会伙伴思考改善育儿假的安排，并决定与育儿有关的问题将通过相关立法草案的形式加以解决。
a point was also made that the current paragraph should be preceded by another paragraph that would lay down the international legal foundation for settlement of disputes and prevention of situations, namely, the charter, decisions of the security council and the rule of international law and justice .	有人还认为，应在这一段之前增加一段，为解决争端和防止局势恶化奠定国际法律基础，即《宪章》、安全理事会的决定以及国际法和国际司法的规则。
he's the most dangerous guy ever .	最危險的傢伙
the following is a brief summary .	其内容摘要如下。
unemployment benefits	失业救济金
don't worry too much .	不要担心太多.
come in !	进来吧！
what does find the clitoris mean ? forget i said anything .	- 什么意思 "找到阴蒂"?
military liaison group	D. 军事联络组
in addition, an improved system of information sharing and collaboration had been established to ensure collaboration between the work of the undg agencies and the millennium project and millennium campaign, particularly at country level .	此外，建立并改进了分享资料和进行合作的制度，以确保联合国发展集团各机构、千年项目以及千年运动特别在国家一级的合作。
romania	罗马尼亚
most donor countries do not provide substantial funding for population activities and most developing countries are not in a position to mobilize sufficient resources to fund much-needed population and aids programmes .	大多数捐助国没有为人口工作提供大量资金，大多数发展中国家无法调集足够资源，用于急需的人口方案和防治艾滋病方案。
no biggie ?	没什么大不了？
delegates are kindly requested to bring their copies of documents to meetings .	敬请各位代表自带所发文件与会。
at the same meeting, the observer for nigeria on behalf of the group of 77 and china made a statement .	88. 同次会议上，尼日利亚的观察员(代表77国集团和中国)发了言。
the steam can't come .	不能让蒸汽爆炸
an honor not to be taken lightly .	无法轻视的荣耀
first and foremost our delegation would also like to express thanks to you for the way in which you have been presiding over our activities .	首先，我国代表团也愿对你主持我们活动的方式表示感谢。
why is black better ?	为什么黑棋占优势?
god bless my daughter . i honestly don't know where i'd be without her .	上帝保佑我的女儿 没有她我都不知道自己应该去哪儿
so why are you out here ?	问题是你为什么到这个鬼地方来?
the objective, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievements of the personal envoy are presented below .	61. 个人特使的目标、预期成绩和绩效指标如下：
human rights and weapons of mass destruction, or with indiscriminate effect, or of a nature to cause superfluous injury or unnecessary suffering	人权与大规模毁灭性或具有滥杀滥伤作用的武器或 具有造成无谓伤害或不必要痛苦性质的武器
h staff members may exercise the right to vote but shall ensure that their participation in any political activity is consistent with, and does not reflect adversely upon, the independence and impartiality required by their status as international civil servants .	(h) 工作人员可行使投票权 但不得从事任何不符合或可能有损其国际公务员身份所要求的独立及公正的政治活动。
greek minority inhabitants enjoy the right to be schooled in their native language .	希腊族居民享有用其母语接受学校教育的权利。
having concluded its consideration of communication no . 798 1998, submitted to the human rights committee on behalf of mr . floyd howell under the optional protocol to the international covenant on civil and political rights,	结束了根据《公民权利和政治权利国际公约任择议定书》代表Floyd Howell提交人权事务委员会的第798 1998号来文的审议工作，
oh, no, i can't help you there .	你还有没有一个多余的借给我？
no .	没有
it is worth noting that in wipo the expression working languages of the secretariat is understood as the languages used by staff for interpretation, documents, publications or correspondence .	36. 值得注意的是，在产权组织中，“秘书处工作语文”这一名称被工作人员理解为口译、文件、出版物或通信使用的语文。
just . . . shoved him .	就那么... 推下去了
such measures are indispensable for preventing terrorism .	这种措施对防止恐怖主义是不可或缺的。
in addition, a plan for the development of telecommunications in ukraine has been drawn up and adopted .	18. 此外，乌克兰还拟订和通过了一项发展电信部门的计划。
- rosetto's bitter chocolate .	- 罗塞托的男士黑巧克力
however, given the close relationship between human rights and social and economic development, the discussion of the development implications of globalization has human right dimensions .	但是，鉴于人权与社会和经济发展之间存在的密切关系，有关全球化的发展影响的讨论涉及到人权的各方面。
l see you believe in the christmas spirit .	我能看出来你是相信圣诞精神的。
expressing concern that, despite the serious humanitarian situation in tajikistan, the donor response to the 2002 consolidated appeals process has not yet reached its target, especially in such vital sectors as health, education and water sanitation in which needs are most crucial and for which urgent funding is needed,	表示关注，尽管塔吉克斯坦的人道主义情况严重，但捐助者对2002年联合呼吁程序的响应并没有达到其目标，特别是在保健、教育和水卫生等需求最严峻和需要紧急提供资金的关键部门，
the right to benefit from the peaceful uses of nuclear energy had concomitant obligations, which guaranteed security .	为和平目的利用核能源的权利与履行义务是同时并行的，因为这是安全的依据。
last year i got a sweater with a bird knitted on it .	他们总是寄衣服给我 去年就给了我一件上面织着大鸟的毛衣
in accordance with its approach in the third e f report see paragraph 68 of that report the panel also required evidence that payment was received by each victim from the claimant consistent with the requirement in relation to insurers, as described in paragraph 68 g of the first e f report .	73. 按照第三批E F索赔报告中的办法(见该报告第68段)，小组还要求提供每个受害人从该索赔人处收到付款的证据(与有关承保人的要求一致，如第一批E F索赔报告第68(g)段所述)。
the second and third phases	第二和第三阶段
a sabbatical .	我只是休整一下，休整一下
-come on .	-快点，放松
you know what l see living in this neighborhood ?	你知道，我住在这附近看见的是什么？
it is always difficult to define exactly what that means, and to prove that people are being forced to move is not very easy .	这一向是很难确定其确切的意义；不容易证明人民被迫转移。
finally, allow me to deal with the last point made by the representative of israel his call for peace .	最后，请允许我谈及以色列代表发言中提到的最后一点：他对和平发出的呼吁。
4 e financing of unido programmes, including new initiatives for funds mobilization	4(e) 工发组织方案的融资，包括资金调动的新举措
how forceful did you have to get with him ?	你對他得用多強硬的手段
it is a critical task that in many settings requires the engagement of the international community .	这是一项重要任务，在许多背景下要求国际社会的介入。
and this is a spearing mantis shrimp, or stomatopod .	这个就是“长矛型”螳螂虾，或称为口足类。
so what are you gonna do ?	瑞奇是老大 - 这里是赫索的农场
factual background	事实背景
instead of focusing on old injustices they discussed solutions and strategies for healthcare and education etc . and established training and development programmes and support networks .	她们并没有侧重于过去的不公，而是商讨保健和教育等问题的解决之道和战略，建立培训和发展方案及支助网络。
i believe the female form can stand on its own .	不要紧身胸衣
in accordance with rule 23 .1 of the rules of procedure, each year, at the commencement of its first regular session, the board shall elect from among the representatives of its members a president, three vice-presidents and a rapporteur .	根据议事规则第23.1条，理事会应在每年第一届常会开始时从其成员代表中选出主席一名、副主席三名和报告员一名。
if adopted, it will regulate in a uniform manner across the whole country the holding against their will of mentally ill persons in mental health institutions .	该法律如获得通过，将对全国范围内违背精神病人意志将其送进精神病院的做法做出统一的规定。
he said, i will not send him with you, unless you give me a pledge before god that you will bring him back to me, unless you get trapped . and when they gave him their pledge, he said, god is witness to what we say .	他說： 我不派他和你們一同去，直到你們指真主而和我立誓約，你們誓必帶他回來見我，除非你們全遭禍患。 當他們和他立誓約的時候，他說： 真主是監察我們的誓約的。
hi .	你好？
grace can go with you, eh ?	让格雷丝陪你去好吗？
happy birthday neal .	每一年你是一个很好的尼尔
is she ?	是嗎?
reaffirms that racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance condoned by governmental policies violate human rights and may endanger friendly relations among peoples, cooperation among nations, international peace and security and the harmony of persons living side by side within one and the same state	2. 重申为政府政策所纵容的种族主义、种族歧视、仇外心理和有关不容忍行为侵犯了人权，且有可能危害各国人民之间的友好关系、各国之间的合作、国际和平与安全以及人们在同一国家内的和睦相处；
look, we're all exhausted .	我们都疲惫不堪了
f . stored programme controlled cathodic arc deposition production equipment incorporating a grid of electromagnets for steering control of the arc spot on the cathode	79. 延时发生器或测量时间间隔用的电子设备
annexes	页 次
furthermore, the congolese authorities noted that they had no obligation to notify monuc of incoming shipments of military equipment .	刚果当局还表示，没有义务向联刚特派团通报装运入境的军事装备。
- security meeting with all the brass .	- 所有高层在这开安保会议
why invite shield only to attack ?	Why invite S. H. I.
are you the governor of hk ?	香港你作主嗎
some 60 participants from various institutional, commercial and academic professions attended the forum, which dealt with national space legislation in europe issues of authorization in the light of developments in european space cooperation .	参加从业人员论坛的约有60人，分别来自不同机构、商界和学术界，讨论的议题是“欧洲的国家空间立法 鉴于欧洲空间合作发展的授权问题”。
you want to dance ?	你想跳舞吗？
look .	看.
the principality of monaco has adopted a policy and measures aimed at promoting maintenance of residential living for persons with special needs, including persons with disabilities and older persons .	摩纳哥公国通过一项政策并采取多项措施，旨在促进有特殊需要者，包括残疾人和老年人继续住在家中。
services in connection with pregnancy	为怀孕提供的服务
that incremental increase of 14 to 15 trillion us dollars is equivalent to the size of the entire us commercial banking sector, which took more than a century to build .	增加的140 -150万亿美金 相当于美国全部商业银行业的规模
the following united nations offices and organs were represented economic commission for latin america and the caribbean eclac , united nations development programme undp , united nations children's fund, world food programme, united nations development fund for women unifem , united nations human settlements programme and joint united nations programme on hiv aids .	5. 下列联合国办事处和机构出席了会议：拉丁美洲和加勒比经济委员会（拉加经委会）联合国开发计划署（开发计划署）、联合国儿童基金会、世界粮食计划署、联合国妇女发展基金（妇发基金）、联合国人类住区规划署和联合国艾滋病毒 艾滋病联合方案。
one ngo participant emphasized the role of ngos, which should go beyond consultations and be focused on joint problem-solving .	一名非政府组织的与会者强调，非政府组织的作用应超越协商而以联合解决问题为重点。
u consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures	(u) 以实际裁军措施巩固和平；
just don't harm little melody . well . well .	而现在还不到十点呢
sand is here .	沙纸来了
hey, hang about, what's wrong with the fucking door ?	嘿 等等 那个破门出什么问题了? Hey hang about what's wrong with the fucking door?
one area in which collaboration may be particularly fruitful is the right to health, where bioethical contributions to resource allocation and equity may inform the bodies charged with responsibility for human rights monitoring .	健康权是合作可能特别有成效的一个领域，对资源分配和公平问题提出生物伦理学方面的看法可以使负责监测人权的机构了解情况。
the erosion of cambodia is some of the worst, my friends wanted to buy a house there but . . .	柬埔寨的土地侵蚀最严重 我朋友想在那买房子...
we saved the day !	我们救了你们！
the meetings in june and july 2007 identified three return projects klinavac klinafc, belo polje bellopoj and dragoljevac dragolec, and berkovo berkov that both delegations consider priorities .	2007年6月和7月的会议确定了三个回返项目（Klinavac Klinafc、Belo Polje Bellopoj 和Dragoljevac Dragolec和Berkovo Berkov ），两个代表团都认为这三个项目为优先事项。
it may also be supported by providing that creditors can take appropriate action to ensure the sharing arrangement is effective and efficient .	还可能需要附加规定，债权人可采取适当的行动确保共管安排的有效性和良好效率。
this in turn requires not only renewed political will, but also the mobilization and allocation of new and additional resources at both the national and international levels .	这不仅要求有新的政治意愿，而且要在国家一级和国际一级筹集和拨付新的额外资源。
recalling also the declarations and plans of action of the six international conferences of new or restored democracies adopted in manila in 1988, managua in 1994, bucharest in 1997, cotonou in 2000, ulaanbaatar in 2003 and doha in 2006,	又回顾1988年在马尼拉、1994年在马那瓜、1997年在布加勒斯特、2000年在科托努、2003年在乌兰巴托和2006年在多哈召开的六次新的民主政体或恢复民主的政体国际会议所通过的宣言和行动计划，
no, really, thomas, how are you ?	谢谢. 不 说真的 托马斯 你最近怎么样啊?
we do .	我们赢定了
my delegation, like others, underscores the importance of the completion strategies to the performance of the icty and ictr in their final phases .	同其他代表团一样，我国代表团强调完成工作战略对于前南问题国际法庭和卢旺达问题国际法庭最后阶段的业绩具有重要意义。
how come i couldn't hit his ball ?	怎么会打不到？
geordi . . .prepare the shuttle bay for arrivals .	佐迪... 准备穿梭机迎接对方
and they came here in a, uh . . .	他们来到这里了，呃. .
but no need to let me win .	你也不用让我
yeah, right .	我们都在等你 - 是，好。
the committee was reminded that the deadline for the submission of draft proposals under agenda item 92 a to c was monday, 30 october, at 6 p .m .	委员会提请注意，提交议程项目92(a)至（c）下的提案草案截止时间是10月30日星期一下午6时。
furthermore, it has to be made clear that countermeasures taken outside the united nations system and those taken within the system must also be subject to the rule of proportionality .	草案建立的责任制度与《联合国宪章》之间的关系，应更明确地拟订，因为尽管安全理事会有权采取第七章的“强制措施”，这些措施无须遵守关于反措施的一般制度，因为这些措施不一定是回应国际不法行为的触犯。
where is she ?	她在哪里？
he was talking to you ?	他在和你说话？
once . yeah .	就一次
but in fact, they are bands of looters .	但事实上，他们是一帮掠夺者。
review and implementation of the concluding document of the twelfth special session of the general assembly	100. 审查和执行大会第十二届特别会议的《结论文件》：
-all yours .	-归你了
nepad, a new element of the international governance system, is also requested to pay continuing attention to reforms of the democratization process in africa and, to that end, to build partnerships with both the developed and the developing countries .	我们也请非洲发展新伙伴关系这一国际施政制度的新行动者经常注意非洲的改革和民主化进程，并在发达国家和发展中国家设法建立伙伴关系，以求实现这些目标。
-the kettle is calling the pot black . -yeah ?	鐵鍋笑壺黑 (布魯諾竄改成語 五十步笑百步 )
we are committed to respecting the independence of the judiciary and the right to a fair and public hearing under article 14 of the covenant .	我们一直致力维护公约第十四条所保障的司法独立和接受公正公开审问的权利。
invites all countries, as appropriate, to join the group of eight commitment to the non-proliferation principles endorsed by the group of eight leaders at the kananaskis summit aimed at preventing terrorists, or those who harbour them, from acquiring or developing nuclear, chemical, radiological and biological weapons, missiles, and related materials, equipment and technology	5． 酌情请所有国家与8国集团一起承诺遵守不扩散原则，这项原则是8国集团领导人在卡纳纳斯基斯首脑会议上核可的，旨在防止恐怖分子或者窝藏他们的人取得或发展核武器、化学武器、放射性武器和生物武器、导弹以及有关材料、设备和技术；
you know what ? somebody died down there .	有个人死在下面
the guide adopts terminology to express the concepts that underlie an effective secured transactions regime .	13. 指南采用术语表来表述有效的担保交易制度所依据的各种概念。
a total of 21,023 informal settler families from metro manila and bulacan segments were relocated to resettlement areas paving the way for the infrastructure development works for the railway system .	来自大马尼拉和布拉干省铁路段的共21 023个非正规定居家庭迁到了重新定居地区，从而为铁路系统的基础设施开发工程铺平了道路。
the board may propose to the cmp the termination of the membership of any member or alternate for cause including, inter alia, breach of the conflict of interest provision, breach of the confidentiality provisions, or failure to attend two consecutive meetings of the board without proper justification .	52. 董事会可因某一成员或候补成员违反利益冲突回避规定、违反保密规定或无正当理由连续两次不出席董事会会议等原因，向《议定书》缔约方会议建议终止该成员或候补成员的资格。
taking note of the recent report of the special rapporteur of the human rights council on the situation of human rights in the palestinian territories occupied by israel since 1967,	表示注意到人权理事会关于1967年以来被以色列占领的巴勒斯坦领土人权情况特别报告员最近的报告，6
bearing 196, sir ! he's close, but i don't think he's spotted us .	方位196
passport .	Passport. 护照
so the first strike was the fatal strike .	所以，第一击 是致命的打击。
i have to stop that pitch .	我得阻止競稿
b attachment of an advisor to assist in the setting-up of the commission	越 南
in addition, internal audit staff in new york and geneva have been offered in-house training courses in ict auditing .	另外，还为纽约和日内瓦的内部审计工作人员提供了信息和通信技术审计方面的在职培训。
mr . dunworth united kingdom said that the government believed that it had a comprehensive strategy to combat violence against women in all but name .	54. Dunworth先生（联合王国）说，政府认为已有从实质上打击暴力侵害妇女行为的综合战略。
this is due to the unfavourable ratio of income earners and the number of those being supported .	这是因为赚取收入者和被支助者之间的比例不当。
for undp, unops provided 35,000 villagers with hiv aids awareness education, supported the development of 65 community action plans and distributed 534,000 condoms and 99,000 information, education and communication items .	项目厅为开发计划署向35 000名村民提供了认识艾滋病毒 艾滋病的教育，支持了65项社区行动计划的开展，并分发了534 000个保险套和99 000件信息、教育和通信用品。
of a million ?	一百万？
it was okay .	还行吧
concerning the strengthening of oios, his delegation reiterated that reforms should be predicated on the understanding that oios, an internal oversight body, was part of the secretariat and discharged its mandates, as conferred by the general assembly, under the authority of the secretary-general .	72. 关于监督厅的加强，他的代表团重申，改革应当基于这样的理解：监督厅是一个内部监督机构，是秘书处的一部分，在秘书长的领导下履行大会授予的任务。
the committee made a similar finding in case no . 899 1999 francis et al . v . trinidad and tobago .	157. 委员会就第899 1999号案件(Francis等诉特立尼达和多巴哥)作出了类似的结论。
while increased attention is paid in the medium-term plan to the expected accomplishments and how to measure them, their linkage to the key operative content of the proposed programme of work, 2002-2003, outputs, remains captive to the traditional categorization of outputs	．会议文件
the observer for luxembourg, speaking on behalf of the european union, referred to the recent adoption of the european union drugs strategy 2005-2012 , which set clear objectives for the coming years .	代表欧洲联盟发言的卢森堡观察员提到最近通过的《欧洲联盟禁毒战略（2005-2012年）》，其中列出了未来数年的明确目标。
ben thought that while our parents were going together on a cruise .	- 你是哪里人? - 英国人
uh-huh	嗯！
i shoot people for money .	我为了钱杀人
the representative of burkina faso announced that her country had withdrawn as sponsor of the draft resolution .	布基纳法索代表宣布，该国已退出决议草案提案国名单。
in this new phase of its work, the committee must continue to comply with its mandate to promote international cooperation to combat international terrorism .	委员会必须在其工作的这一新的阶段，继续执行其推动打击国际恐怖主义的国际合作的任务。
she's an agent at the cbi .	她是CBI的探员
section 11 of the extradition act, 1962 provides as follows	(a) 命令将根据第10节规定处以监禁的个人交送给经外国授权接收该人的代表；或
the government had not considered introducing a quota system perhaps more lobbying of the government by non-governmental organizations was needed to promote that idea .	政府尚未审议采用配额制。 或许需要非政府组织对政府进行更多的游说，以促进这个想法。
-no, i think i'm fine . thank you .	不 我没事 多谢
since you are not handsome enough to steal his show	因为你没他帅，不怕你抢他风头
the proposals are at different stages of consideration .	这些建议现处于不同的审议阶段。
a the conference of the parties so requests	(a) 应缔约方大会的要求；
he also addressed the diplomatic community in mali on current disarmament and security issues .	他还向驻马里的外交界就目前的裁军和安全问题讲了话。
so i would like delegations to provide me with some guidance in terms of procedure .	因此，我希望各代表团向我提供程序方面的意见。
what have you got on beechum ?	比彻姆的事你都知道些什么?
every two months, it must submit a general report on its activities to the prime minister .	小组每两个月必须向总理提交一份工作报告。
what do we need to know ?	- 我们要知道什么?
registration data for an indian space object	印度空间物体登记数据
the committee's previous recommendations	委员会先前的建议
- even after my strong warning ?	- 哪怕我强烈地警告你?
you're a growing boy .	应该还吃得下吧
yes, i know .	对，我知道
thank you .	多谢.
turning to the use and production of illicit drugs, he said there had been a sizeable reduction in opium and coca cultivation in asia and the andean countries, with colombia and afghanistan the principal remaining sources of those drugs .	2. 在谈到非法毒品的使用和生产问题时，他说，亚洲和安第斯国家的鸦片和古柯种植面积已大幅度减少，哥伦比亚和阿富汗是这些毒品的主要剩余发源地。
general description	概述
a smart guy who's steady is hard to find .	聪明又稳定的人就不会有这种负担
that works out well .	这很好解决的。
the bright moon reflected in your radiant face .	皎洁的月亮反射 在你容光焕发的脸。
implementation of the recommendations of the third united nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space unispace iii	三. 第三次联合国探索及和平利用外层空间会议（第三次外空会议）
hey, look, i-i didn't mean to come off like a creep before .	聽著 我不想耍流氓
returns the remote system type, or false on error .	殿隙堈最督昢 腔炵苀濬倰 楷汜渣昫寀殿隙 FALSE
e implementing strategies to prevent repeat victimization .	(e) 实施预防再次被害的战略。
brazil is party to all multilateral instruments related to weapons of mass destruction .	22. 巴西是所有涉及大规模毁灭性武器的多边文书的缔约国。
love isn't bread butter	愛情不能當飯吃
the secretariat was commended for the comprehensive and informative presentation of data in its report on the world situation with regard to illicit drug trafficking .	103. 与会者赞扬秘书处在关于非法药物贩运的世界形势报告中提供了综合信息数据。
and by the way, i created these children in the shower .	對了 孩子們還是我洗澡時做出來的
why wouldn't i agree ?	我怎会不同意呢？
it's too big a risk . let's get something to eat .	我们吃点东西吧
to replace them by those better than them and none can escape from us .	我能以比他們更好的人代替他們，我不是無能的。
look out !	当心！
nonetheless, increased community awareness and the planned design and mapping of escape routes and safe refuge areas will contribute to safer and more sustainable communities .	尽管如此，社区的认识增强，进行规划设计和制定逃离路线的地图和安全避难地区，将有助于社区更安全和更可持续发展。
in addition to the efforts of developing countries to mobilize financial resources, strong international support is indispensable .	除了发展中国家努力筹措财政资源之外，强有力的国际支持也是不可缺少的。
you called in about two chinese man .	你曾打電話來提到有關兩位中國男子
concerning the use of consultants, the advisory committee was of the opinion, taking into account the expertise available in-house, that other modalities should be explored before resorting to expenditures in that area .	关于顾问的使用问题，咨询委员会认为，考虑到内部可采用的专门技术，在该领域支出各种费用之前应探讨其他模式。
this guy's dead .	这人嗝屁了
i see that the new york times week in review section has finally recognized his contribution by giving him a series of photographs that	《纽约时报》一周回顾栏目最终确认了他的贡献，刊登了他的系列照片，我认为这使他显得与众不同，因为他是第一个被以这种方式介绍的人。
the alliance of civilizations rapid response media mechanism was launched at the first forum of the alliance in madrid, in january 2008 . at the core of the rapid response media mechanism is an online resource of experts for journalists covering stories about cultural, religious and political tensions between communities, and across borders .	27． “不同文明联盟媒体快速反应机制”是2008年1月在马德里举行的联盟第一次论坛上启用的，其核心是为记者报道社群之间以及跨越边界的文化、宗教和政治紧张局势提供一个在线专家资源。
the inclusion of a peacebuilding dimension in the early stages of peacekeeping is most relevant .	在维和的早期阶段把建设和平内容包括进来非常重要。
the donors will continue to coordinate their efforts .	捐助国将继续协调它们的努力。
as a result, lebanon found itself hijacked by evil and occupied by terror .	结果，黎巴嫩发现自己遭罪恶劫持，被恐怖占据。
none of us can afford complacency in the face of the lack of progress between the nuclear-weapons states in nuclear arms reductions negotiations, when the legal underpinnings of fragile strategic stability are being undermined, when so little is proving possible in terms of multilateral negotiation .	正当核武器国家裁减核武器的谈判缺乏进展、维系战略稳定的脆弱法律基础受到损害而多边谈判又证明收获甚少的时候，我们谁都不能沾沾自喜。
noting with interest the respective partnership initiatives voluntarily undertaken by governments, international organizations and major groups and announced at the summit,	感兴趣地注意到各国政府、国际组织和各主要群体自愿开展并在首脑会议上予以宣布的伙伴关系倡议，
- thanks a lot . l'll see you guys later .	- 谢谢你，欢迎再来
also, in case no . 1101 2002 alba cabriada v . spain the committee considered that the optional protocol did not establish any deadline for the submission of communications, and that the period of time elapsing before doing so, other than in exceptional cases, did not of itself constituted an abuse of the right to submit a communication .	还有在第1101 2002号案件(Alba Cabriada诉西班牙)中，委员会指出，《任择议定书》并未为提交来文规定任何截止日期，因此，除了一些特殊案件之外，在提交来文之前时间的和长短，其本身并不构成滥用提交来文的权利。
you never stop talking, do you ?	你永远不绝口，你呢？
however, workers in the very extensive informal sector do not have working documents as such, they do not receive the benefits granted workers in the formal sector .	不过，许多非正规部门的工人并没有工作证件；因此他们得不到给予正规部门工人的福利金。
all incidents must be addressed in order to ensure the credibility of the electoral process .	所有相关事件都必须加以处理，以保证选举进程的可信度。
cooper !	库珀！
at that time, my grandpa's restaurant made a lot of money for the family	那时候，我们荣记米粉店的生意 可是做得轰轰烈烈
what ?	-裕
according to undp, a loss of 17 years in life expectancy is projected for 9 countries in africa, 4 among them being ldcs, with an hiv prevalence of 10 per cent or more, down to 47 years by 2010, back to the life expectancy of the 1960s .	(据开发计划署的资料，在其中有4国为最不发达国家的9个非洲国家中，由于其艾滋病毒感染率达10 或10 以上，它们预测的预期寿命降低17岁，到2010年时降至47岁，即下降到1960年代的预期寿命。)
- whoa .	- 哇
help me .	帮帮我
the trade and development board, as part of its annual review of progress in implementation of the programme of action for the least developed countries ldcs for the decade 2001 2010,	贸易和发展理事会，在审查执行《2001-2010十年期支援最不发达国家行动纲领》取得的进展的工作中，
in the view of brazil, the draft articles reflect a careful balance between the principle of sovereignty of states over the natural resources located under their jurisdiction and the obligation of not causing significant harm to such resources .	巴西认为，条款草案反映了国家对其管辖区内的自然资源拥有主权的原则和不对这种资源造成重大损害这两者间的谨慎平衡。
henderson .	Henderson.
while the organizations saw logic in moving towards adopting a one-banded approach, they saw merit at this stage in testing two different banded models in the pilot study, and each of these in more than one organization so as to make a proper assessment before selecting one model for application across the common system .	各组织同意应向采用一种宽幅方式迈进，但是，它们认为在这个阶段应当在执行实验研究时试用两种不同宽幅工资制度模式，并且每种模式都在一个以上的组织中试行，以期在挑选一种模式在共同制度内执行前作出适当评估。
you keep the videotape .	获取录像带。
in view of the lateness of the hour, i would also like to thank the interpreters for their understanding .	鉴于时间已经不早，我也要感谢口译人员的理解。
what ? anchor control ?	什么 用锚控制
magnesium here, iron filings there, so on .	加点镁粉 再加点铁粉之类的
look what the cat dragged in !	看什么 猫拖了！
working group on mines other than anti-personnel mines	非杀伤人员地雷问题工作组
your son has sealed your fate !	琌砆 倒甡
this effort entailed organizing a series of courses and consultative workshops for civil society organizations and community leaders in the country .	这涉及为该国的民间社会组织和社区领导人组织一系列的课程和协商研讨会。
it was meant to be separate lanes, and you cut me off half-way .	你说一人一条赛道 结果你在回转的时候开到我那条！
suppose you have him examined in his office and see what they'll allow on his carcass .	假设柏斯先生在他办公室做检查 看他们对于他这个 像尸体的身体怎么说
as such, departmental focal points should be refocused to support the heads of departments in meeting their targets .	因此，部门协调中心应重新着重支持各部门首长实现其目标。
third, the central review body is itself a mechanism of accountability built into the heart of the process .	第三，中央审查机构本身是处在这个程序的中心的问责机制。
surely on that day their lord shall be aware of them !	在那日 他们的主 确是彻知他们的。
russia, in the course of its contacts with israelis and palestinians, will continue its endeavours to induce the parties to abide by the positions agreed upon by the quartet .	俄罗斯在同以色列人和巴勒斯坦人的接触中，将继续努力促使双方遵守四方所达成一致的立场。
at the first meeting of the working group, it was agreed that research played a fundamental role with regard to the conservation and management of marine biodiversity, and that knowledge about marine biodiversity beyond areas of national jurisdiction was insufficient .	255. 在工作组第一次会议上，人们一致认为，研究在海洋生物多样性的养护和管理方面发挥根本性作用，对国家管辖范围以外海洋生物多样性也认识不足。
they'll only keep you locked up a couple of days .	是啊 他們肯定會的
oh, they always send up a good breakfast here .	哦，他們這兒總是送上一份好早餐
cerys .	克里斯 Cerys.
malaysia has consistently made a conscious decision to set education as the cornerstone of the national agenda .	马来西亚一贯有意识地决定把教育作为国家议程的基石。
- where's my zoomer ?	-混蛋 我的飙风呢?
it kind of gets you, doesn't it ?	让你有点感兴趣，不是吗？
short laugh oh, you think it's funny ?	你觉得很好笑吗
luis !	路易斯！
aware of the need for the relevant bodies and agencies of the united nations system, within their respective mandates, to collaborate among themselves to support and follow up the implementation of the strategy and plan of action to be adopted at the second world assembly on ageing,	认识到联合国系统各有关机关和机构需要在其各自职责范围内相互协作，以支持并贯彻执行第二次老龄问题世界大会上将通过的战略与行动计划，
error !	1个D1
good luck, men .	祝你好运
dear professor kim	尊敬的教授先生
let's do it .	我們就做
can't happen . - i don't know what to tell you . - here's the funny thing, though .	这种时候你会想是天意弄人
specific policy changes regarding the special property disputes resolution court should be implemented, including increased funding, consideration of the needs of idps and expansion of the court to the provinces .	71. 应当贯彻有关解决财产争端特别法庭的具体政策变革，包括增加资金、考虑国内流离失所者的需要和将法庭权限范围扩大到各个省份。
but, before i do so, let me say how pleased i am to be able to appear here alongside my good friend and close colleague, jacques paul klein, whose last report this is before the united nations mission in bosnia and herzegovina unmibh departs in a few weeks' time .	但是，在此之前，我想说我非常高兴能够在这里坐在我的好朋友和亲密同事雅克 保罗 克莱因的旁边，这是联合国波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那特派团（波黑特派团）几周内就要离开之前他做的最后一次报告。
h mobilization in all other areas of disarmament .	(h) 推动裁军的所有其他领域。”
why'd he have to hug me, man ?	为什么他要抱我?
languages of the conference	会议的语文
he's a dance instructor, an all-japan finalist .	他是舞蹈教练曾进入全国决赛
-get her, val !	- 帮她，厄尔！
many members considered that more attention should be paid to development activities .	“65. 大会赞扬并再次表示支持世界粮食计划署在应对天灾人祸方面取得成绩。
i think he feigned the insanity that sent him away .	我想他刚开始是装疯 好让自己逃脱
look what we found by the canal .	看看我们在河边找到什么.
i'm going home .	我想回家.
it is no trouble . she is just got a bit of an infection . i will . . .	哦 没事 她只是有点生病了
wyatt had milk, skim .	Wyatt喝牛奶
- okay .	- 好的 小心点
with the development of 3rd generation fuzes for 1st and 2nd generation mines it could become cost effective to undertake fuze upgrades some existing avm stocks instead of replacing them at considerable expense .	《禁止或限制使用某些可被认为具有过分伤害力或滥杀滥伤作用的常规武器公约》缔约国政府专家小组
in our view, the general assembly should not merely mandate the open-ended working group to continue with business as usual .	我们认为，大会不应只是授权不限成员名额工作组继续一切照旧。
some standards are developed to ensure that products conform to specified physical characteristics, and their certification relies on the testing of products or on the certification of processes at various stages of production .	46. 各国制订了一些标准，以保证产品符合具体的实物特征，产品认证有赖于产品测试或者生产不同阶段的认证过程。
- they got you at the crosshairs .	- 他们要把你放在靶心了
i guess it's okay .	其实也挺好
so, how's the new intern ?	新來的實習生怎麼樣?
then, in god's name, strike . now !	奉主之名，敲下去
i thought she'd be very pleased with who you are .	我相信她会高兴你的状况
however, it was not possible to predict the need for exceptions on medical grounds or for eminent persons, which varied from year to year according to circumstances .	10. Ferrena-Mahmud女士（管理事务部监督支助股股长）就巴基斯坦代表早先提出的关于空中旅行舱位标准的例外情况的问题作出答复。
a further consequence of the gross overcrowding of women's facilities is that prisoners spend an increased amount of time locked in their cells .	28. 女子监所严重过分拥挤的进一步的后果是，囚犯被禁闭在她们的囚室里的时间越来越多。
so now we've got the stuff color-sorted, angle maps onto color .	所以现在我们已经把这些东西按照颜色排序， 角度也对应颜色。
the commission expresses concern about the increased use of non-tariff barriers ntbs in international trade that risk neutralizing the gains of tariff liberalization for all countries, but particularly on products of export interest to developing countries .	8. 委员会表示关切的是，在国际贸易中更多地使用非关税壁垒，这种壁垒有可能抵消放宽关税给所有国家带来的惠益，尤其是对发展中国家可能出口的产品的非关税壁垒。
i beg your pardon, miss but would you be so kind-- ?	对不起，小姐 您能不能好心？
- okay, we're all set, then ?	- 好，那说定了？
the procedures and mechanisms do not provide for the possibility of groups of parties making submissions by proxy nor give the facilitative branch a mandate to consider any question of implementation that has not been duly submitted in accordance with section vi .1 of the annex to decision 27 cmp .1 .	“程序和机制既未规定缔约方集团可通过代理提交材料，也未授权促进事务组审议任何未按照第27 CMP.1号决定附件第六节第1段以恰当方式提交的履行问题。
why ? am i gonna play a game of shuffleboard ?	为啥，我这是要出去玩么？
if you want to talk, talk, don't get violent	你有话说话 你别动手动脚的
but in the morning after the night	但是在晚上后，早上
go !	来吧 !
this is partly offset by a decrease of 20,800 under rental of furniture and equipment ii 2,223,400, representing an increase of 266,700, proposed for communications, pouch and postage expenses and iii 58,100, representing a decrease of 31,100, required under miscellaneous services . the decrease is based on estimates of projected requirements	这笔费用被租用家具和设备项下费用减少20 800美元抵消一部分； 拟议为通讯、邮袋和邮票开支编列2 223 400美元，即增加266 700美元；和 杂项事务项下需要58 100美元，减少31 100美元。
so, i warmed up your blanket .	所以，我把毯子捂热了
i'm just . . .	- 我只是... - 我知道
- how long do we have ?	我们还有多少时间?
go home and see your wife ?	让你回家跟你太大团聚
it was so decided	就这样决定。
as for he whose scales are heavy .	至於善功的份量较重者
specific principles relating to arrest, detention, trial and penalties of alleged terrorists	F. 逮捕、拘留、审判以及惩罚恐怖主义嫌犯的具体原则
- thanks . nice shirt .	-多谢 你衬衫也不错
they moved to xinzao and xinken, all over the place .	遷到新造新墾 到處遷到處走啦
conservation programmes can be directed towards consumer consumption .	维护方案可以较多注意耗水量问题。
jerry kang, information privacy in cyberspace transactions , stanford law review, vol . 53 1997-1998 , at p . 1199 .	5 Jerry Kang “Information Privacy in Cyberspace Transactions” Stanford Law Review vol. 53 (1997-1998) at p. 1999.
inside me everything is moving around so lightly it's strange .	所有都在我體內靜靜地涌動
five beds, five diarrhoeas .	五张床 五肚泻
challenges	挑战
no .	不
- what is it ?	- 是什么?
an important aspect of states parties' responsibilities to children under the convention is ensuring that the committee on the rights of the child has regular opportunities to examine the progress made in the implementation of the convention .	缔约国按照《公约》对儿童承担责任的一个重要方面就是确保儿童权利委员会能够定期审议《公约》实施方面取得的进展。
nat, give it a break nat .	娜娜 算了
the above considerations do not imply that implementation of the habitat agenda is ignored by the international community .	201. 上述情况并不意味着国际社会忽视了《生境议程》的实施工作。
members of the forum	论坛成员
make a lake ?	汇成一个湖?
one, two, three, four . . .	一 二 三 四...
the search for consistency should force us to work to support the developing countries, especially the ldcs, in important areas such as trade, debt, migration, development, peace and security .	谋求连贯一致，应当迫使我们努力在贸易、债务、移徙、发展、和平与安全等重要领域支持发展中国家，特别是最不发达国家。
that's what i mean . it wasn't all right .	这就对了 那里面有点不同
- oh, but not you .	- 你就不是啊 - 没错
annex 1 .	10
they feel lonely and abandoned .	寂寞 好像就自己被抛弃了似的
perhaps you do . i'm pretty good at faces myself .	可能吧， 我认人很在行
when both information technologies and an appropriate environment are available, trade facilitation becomes a success story .	13. 一旦具备了信息技术和适当的环境，贸易手续简化方案便能够得到成功落实。
the ministry of the interior stresses its continuous commitment to ensuring that peaceful and lawful assemblies and gatherings take place free from unlawful interference .	17. 内政部着重表示要继续致力于确保和平合法的集会和聚会免遭非法的干预。
the government of c te d'ivoire considers this approach to be damaging to the credibility of the united nations .	科特迪瓦政府认为，这种方式有损联合国的信誉。
do you ?	是吗
respect for the principles enshrined in the charter of the united nations and international law in countering the world drug problem	在对付世界毒品问题时尊重《联合国宪章》所揭示的原则和国际法
do you know, nick made 10 million doing arbitrage in a week ?	知道尼克一周内赚到一千万吗
it should be understood that a conflict can flare up upon the departure of the peacekeeping force if it leaves too soon, amounting to the abandonment of a fragile peace .	必须认识到，如果维和部队过快撤出，冲突可能在维和部队离开之际就重新爆发，这等同于放弃脆弱的和平。
equally, while being a strong voice for gender concerns, unfpa will support gender-based programmes that are consistent with its strategic plan .	同样，在大力声援社会性别关切问题的同时，人口基金将支持符合其战略计划的基于社会性别问题的各种方案。
- provision by developed countries of assistance in establishing and enhancing regulatory frameworks for nuclear activities to those states that do not have appropriate experience	- 发达国家援助那些缺乏适当经验的国家建立并加强核活动管制框架；
however, if mainstreaming is to be successful, funding for such projects must be increased considerably .	但是，如果要成功纳入主流，就必须大量增加对这些项目提供的资金。
and here's the future .	还是选择一个核能的未来。
but master . . .	老板
tinkling	( 叮当声 )
during the first round, he used a lot of his strength	虽然在8强战消耗了很多的体力
welcomed the work of the organization of american states oas and, in particular, its support for the process of improving public administration in haiti and for preparing the haitian civil status register .	16. 欢迎美洲国家组织开展的努力，特别是支持改善海地公共管理的进程和编制海地公民身份注册表。
i just want you guys to know i am really grateful for your help .	真是太谢谢你们的帮助了
you can't fucking do this to me .	不能这么对我！
but after some nagging, i got him to do that .	但对他唠叨一会之后，他还是带我去了。
the registration data are reproduced in the form in which they were received .	登记数据按收到时的原样转载。
must've been that piece of taii .	一定是那个骚货
some kind of botched robbery .	这是什么地方?
it is important to establish common international routines for revising data to secure continuity and consistence .	应确定通用的订正数据的国际例行做法，争取数据的连贯统一。
tell her to lay off awhile or . . .	让她休息一阵还是...
uncc estimated that the dollar exchange rate downturn alone accounted for more than 4 million in increased staff and other personnel costs, and that the actual increase between the two biennia was below 4 per cent .	49. 赔偿委员会估计，仅美元汇率下跌就使两年期工作人员和其他人事费用增加了400万美元，两个两年期前后的实际增长不到4 。
g promoting mechanisms for preventing and monitoring social conflicts and their resolution	(g) 促进建立防止和监测并解决社会冲突的机制；
g a report of the special rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the palestinian territories occupied since 1967 e cn .4 2006 29	(g) 1967年以来被占领巴勒斯坦领土人权状况特别报告员的报告(E CN.4 2006 29)；
ensuring food security by developing the local fishery sector, including aquaculture and exporting fishery products by ensuring high product quality and strengthening the processing and exporting sectors, including through fishing agreements with foreign companies .	确保粮食安全，促进当地渔业包括水产养殖的发展； 出口渔业产品，确保产品质量，加强加工和出口部门，包括与外国公司签署渔业协定来达此目的。
- i'm going to . . .	- 我想去...
- haven't seen those kids in ages .	-好久没看到那些孩子们了
japan took the initiative to strengthen disarmament and non-proliferation education in the context of the npt, and introduced a working paper on disarmament and non-proliferation education at the second session of the npt preparatory committee on behalf of the other co-sponsoring countries egypt, hungary, mexico, new zealand, peru, poland and sweden .	日本在《不扩散条约》的范围内发起了加强裁军和不扩散教育，并在不扩散条约筹备委员会第二次会议上代表以下其他共同提案国介绍了一份关于裁军和不扩散教育的工作文件：埃及、匈牙利、墨西哥、新西兰、秘鲁、波兰和瑞典。
he then turned to the maintenance of standards in protection and assistance programmes in africa .	他然后谈到了维持非洲保护和援助方案的标准问题。
i don't think we're asking the right question .	I don't think we're asking the right question. 我不认为我们问对了问题
thanks to that instrument, the european union is taking concrete steps in multilateral forums and as regards its relations with third countries to protect children caught up in armed conflict .	因为有了这一文书，欧盟在多边论坛上以及与第三国关系中采取了具体步骤，以保护身陷武装冲突的儿童。
it would suit the type of farming i have in mind .	那裏適合進行我心目中的那種耕作方式
a pilot project involving some 10 parliaments was launched in bagamoyo, united republic of tanzania, in december 2007, which brought together members of parliament, united nations resident coordinators and government focal points .	2007年12月，议会联盟在坦桑尼亚联合共和国巴格莫约发起了一个有十来个国家议会参加的试点项目，将国会议员、联合国驻地协调员和政府协调中心聚集在一起。
it was the design	这是设计图
north sea gang master	北海帮主
pardon ?	嗯？
are you ok ?	你还好吗？
it's not your fault .	- 這又不是你的錯
right ? you in the right ?	正义 你们是正义的
all grave violations of human rights and international law suffered by children in all conflict situations should receive equal attention .	所有武装冲突局势中儿童所遭受的严重侵犯人权与违反国际法的行为，都应该得到同等的重视。
in addition, peacekeeping has a different financial period, running from 1 july to 30 june rather than from 1 january to 31 december assessments are issued separately for each operation and, since assessments can currently be only issued through the mandate period approved by the security council for each mission, they are issued for different periods throughout the year .	此外，维持和平财政期不同，从7月1日至6月30日，而不是从1月1日至12月31日；每个行动摊款分别分派；目前每个特派团摊款只能按安全理事会核准的任务期分派，因此摊款是为全年不同时段分派的。
english	注
is your word good ? you poles !	你們這些波蘭人！
i report of the global conference on the sustainable development of small island developing states, bridgetown, barbados, 25 april-6 may 1994 united nations publication, sales no .	见第2200（XXI）号决议，附件。
and when i would feel sorry for myself as nine or 10 year-old girls do, she would say to me, my dear, on a scale of major world tragedies, yours is not a three .	正如每个九岁或十岁的孩子 我觉得自己命很苦 这时她就会对我说：“ 宝贝，你受的这点苦， 还不到国际水平呢。”
it's amazingly close to official banknote paper .	结果与官方钞票用纸惊人的相似
i heard i won't back down by tom petty, and i said,	听到汤姆派帝的《我不会退缩》 我说
additional efforts should be made to control poppy cultivation, including through introducing viable economic alternatives, to reintegrate ex-combatants into society and to implement the mine action programme for afghanistan .	其他的努力应该有控制罂粟种植，包括种植可行的经济作物作为替代，使前战斗人员重新融入社会，以及执行阿富汗的排雷方案。
the media often describes you as a computer genius .	高特弗里德 网名anakata 媒体通常称你为电脑天才
the bee initiates a few search flights, and flies around a bit .	蜜蜂启动几个搜索航班， 和苍蝇围绕位。
here, it is appropriate to acknowledge the solemn undertaking that the first vice-president, his excellency mr . ali othman taha, gave the african union troops when he visited their headquarters in naivasha four days ago that he would personally take responsibility for darfur and ensure that peace returns as soon as possible .	在这方面，应该对第一副总统阿里 奥斯曼 塔哈先生阁下四天前在访问奈瓦沙部队总部时作出的承诺，即他将亲自负责达尔富尔事务，确保尽快恢复和平，予以承认。
- rick peck .	-瑞克 派克的電話
since new caledonia had been reinscribed on the list of non-self-governing territories by general assembly resolution 41 41 a of 1986, the close attention of the united nations to the decolonization process had been a determining factor in the struggle of the indigenous people for freedom and independence .	由于新喀里多尼亚被大会1986年的第41 41 A号决议重新纳入非自治领土的名单，联合国对非殖民化进程的密切关注成为促使土著人民为争取自己的自由和独立而斗争的一个决定因素。
it lets billy grimm's people totally hook into her life .	这让比利 格林姆的人完全掌控了她的生活
tires screeching	（戛然轮胎）
notwithstanding paragraph 1 c , t his instrument applies to contracts of carriage in non-liner services when not intended for liner services under which the carrier issues a transport document or an electronic record that	2. [虽有第1(c)款的规定，]本文书适用于[非班轮运输业务中][不是用于班轮运输业务的]承运人据以签发运输单证或电子记录的运输合同，该运输单证或电子记录可
you've got a problem, huh ?	你有点小麻烦？
support was expressed for the concept of internationally recognized nuclear-weapon-free zones established on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among states in the regions concerned .	23. 缔约国表示支持在有关区域各国自由安排基础上建立国际承认的无核武器区的构想。
with the support of the government, non-governmental organizations and the al-azhar university, it should be possible to persuade parliament to approve withdrawal of the reservation to article 2 .	在政府、非政府组织和Al-Azhar大学支持下，应有可能说服议会核可撤销对第2条的保留。
there is one last method . . . good old hypnosis .	还有最后一个办法 是一种古老的催眠方法
- and the voices ?	- ，声音？
and that's a problem .	这是个问题
the germans are low on gas . they have to forage for it .	德军的汽油不足 必须四处搜刮
all security council resolutions are mandatory for all those involved and in all circumstances, as set out in article 25 of the charter .	根据《宪章》第二十五条的规定，有关各方在任何情况下都必须执行所有安全理事会决议。
african countries have demonstrated their commitment to the implementation of nepad by earmarking financial resources for selected sectoral priorities .	非洲国家已表现出它们决心落实新伙伴关系，并为此将财政资源投放于一些部门性优先工作。
of particular importance are measures to strengthen the resilience and capacity to adapt to climate change of individuals and groups most vulnerable to the impacts of natural disasters .	采取措施提高那些最容易受自然灾害影响的人和群体适应气候变化的应对力和能力尤为重要。
and . . .	拍了
by the authority of jesus christ, i command you to declare yourself !	以耶稣基督的权利 我命令你现身
. . .andhernaturalbent forthe paranormal has just amazed us .	Mrs Helga Ulman就拥有这种能力...
mr . abdelaziz egypt emphasized the importance of maintaining the governing principles of the united nations when organizing a peacekeeping mission .	Abdelaziz先生（埃及）强调在组织维持和平任务时维持联合国管理原则的重要意义。
in field warehousing arrangements, the third party assumes control of the grantor's inventory and other encumbered assets through a representative located on the grantor's premises .	在实际的仓储安排中，第三方通过位于设保人房地的代表对设保人的库存品和其他设押资产取得控制。
other main activities in the field relevant to the mandate of the treaty body concerned	与所涉条约机构任务规定有关领域的其他主要活动
believers ! fight against the unbelievers who live around you and let them find in you sternness . know that allah is with the god-fearing .	信道的人們啊！你們要討伐鄰近你們的不信道者，使他們感覺到你們的嚴厲。你們知道，真主是和克己者在一起的。
how about you be the whore ?	你干嘛不扮妓女？ 你扮妓女怎么样啊？
the medical leave certificate for a surgical intervention for therapeutic miscarriage is issued for a period of seven days by the doctor who performs the surgery .	449. 采用手术干预做“治疗性流产”的病假证明由施行手术的医生开具，假期为七天。
what is this dump ?	这是个什么垃圾场
yea, it's late, i don't want your parents to worry .	你回家吧
are you suggesting this vance guy is the unknown soldier ?	你是说 Vance就是那个无名士兵?
where do you think you're going ?	你要去哪里？
in ethiopia, for example, while the government has begun to allow humanitarian activities in the ogaden region, including the provision of food aid for distribution by local actors, access for humanitarian organizations is limited by requirements imposed by local military commanders who often do not recognize such permissions .	例如在埃塞俄比亚，尽管政府已开始允许欧加登地区进行人道主义活动，包括提供粮食援助，供地方行动者分发，但地方军事指挥官往往不承认这种批准，对人道主义组织施加各种限制。
- where is it ?	在哪
he knows a lot .	-他怎知道 -他知道的可多呢
the system should provide adequate protection against unauthorized actions aimed at disrupting normal operation of public procurement process .	该系统应当足以防范旨在阻挠公共采购程序正常运行的擅自行动。
the posts will be used to deploy staff in sectors of priority needs in the regional strategy for mitrovica .	将利用这些员额在米特罗维察区域战略优先需要的部门部署工作人员。
yes, okay .	嗯 好嘞
it's been what, six years ?	我们走了超久
she really did do cauliflower three ways .	真的是花椰菜三吃啊
iii increased number of enterprises having met potential buyers and, as a result, having transacted business through itc support	在国贸中心的支助下，与潜在买方会面并由此发生交易的企业数目增加”
an hour or two ?	一两个小时？
the proposal remained before the security council in blue awaiting more favourable international conditions for its adoption .	倡议被安全理事会搁置，只能等到国际形势好转后通过。
over which you will see no curves or elevations .	你将不能见什么坎坷，也不能见什么崎岖。
- well, is it champagne or gelato ?	是要香槟还是冰淇淋？
as a result, in 1999 nearly 5,500 refugees were resettled in third countries from the middle east and some 17,000 refugees returned home .	因此，1999年，近5 500百来自中东的难民在第三国得到重新安置，约有17 000难名返回了家园。
steve montgomery .	- 班长史蒂夫 蒙特加梅利
it was to be hoped that the reports and recommendations submitted to programme managers would be fully implemented .	希望提交给方案管理人员的报告和建议得到充分执行。
you're crowdin' the fuckin' plate . hey, uh, casey's bouncin' up a bar at harvard next week .	盖西下礼拜会在哈佛的酒吧
number two make a move .	第二，马上行动
i have an army to build, and one compelled minion does not an army make .	我还要建立一整个部队呢 一个被控制的仆从可不是一支部队
breaking the news, watching them cry, dealing with their emotions ?	砸下消息，看他們大哭， 安撫受傷的心？
a proper ceasefire is an essential prerequisite to restoring the situation to a point where hope can be regenerated .	适当的停火是恢复可以产生希望的局面的基本先决条件。
original french	[原文：法语]
two, so you can have your assets scattered .	二，让你可以有自己的资产分散。
don't you know . . .	你知不知道...
when we found ourselves naked, with our heads shaved . . . some cried and others laughed .	我們發現自己全身赤裸 毛髮被剃光 有人哭，有人笑
man while love bites are best avoided after adolescence, gently nibbling and teasing suction can send shivers of anticipation through your lover's body .	尽管在青春期之后 爱痕是最好避免的 温柔地咬和挑逗的吮吸可以发送期待 传遍爱侣的身体
the secretariat would continue to assist member states in their efforts to achieve the millennium goals and would be active in monitoring progress at both global and national levels, in close consultation with governments and civil society .	秘书处将同各国政府和民间社会密切协商，继续协助会员国努力实现千年目标以及积极监测在全球和国家两级的进展情况。
danny, with the large white fanny !	丹尼，大白屁股的丹尼！
while sex tourism is not identified as a separate offence under article 3 of the optional protocol, it is mentioned in the preamble of the optional protocol as well as in its article 10, which deals with international cooperation .	虽然《任择议定书》第3条并没有将性旅游作为一项单独的犯罪列出，但《任择议定书》在的序言部分和在述及国际合作的第10条中都提到了性旅游。
unaccompanied shipments on home leave, family visit or education grant travel	回籍假、探亲或教育补助金项下的旅行的非随身行李
- not i ! - yes, it was you !	想看看吗？
fuck you, geno .	- 你娘勒 杰诺
- hey .	- 嘿
there's no air in the middle class, lars . i can't breathe here .	中产阶级没有前途，我会活不下去
close consultations and coordination with host countries offered the best forum for evaluating the afghan refugee situation and gradually bringing those unhcr activities to a close .	与东道国密切协商和协调，为评估阿富汗难民状况和逐步结束难民专员办事处的这些活动提供了最佳论坛。
case concerning the air service agreement of 27 march 1946 between the united states of america and france, award, 9 december 1978, para . 31, reproduced in unriaa, vol . xviii, pp . 431-432 .	Case concerning the Air Service Agreement of 27 March 1946 between the United States of America and France 裁决，1978年12月9日第31段，《国际仲裁裁决汇编》，第十八卷，第431-432页。
the government stated that the sudanese armed forces had engaged these jem elements, through aerial attacks, near el obeid, and warned the diplomatic community to be alert .	政府指出，苏丹武装部队已经在奥贝德附近，通过空袭与这些正义运动分子交战，并警告外交界保持警惕。
i think i have a spare battery in my bag .	我想我包里有备用电池
in the multi-accused case of milutinovi et al ., the six accused are charged with five counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity allegedly committed by serbian forces in 15 municipalities of kosovo in the period of 1 january to 20 june 1999 .	13. 在Milutinovi 及他人案这一多名被告案件中，6名被告被控，在1999年1月1日至6月20日塞尔维亚部队在15个科索沃市镇行动期间，实施了5项战争罪和危害人类罪。
oh, god !	哦 天啊
a review of the terms of membership of the panel indicated that there were several lengthy periods of up to three years when the terms of members had expired .	59. 从对小组成员任期的审查可知，在若干次，小组成员任期已结束很长时间，有时长达三年。
e report of the united nations high commissioner for human rights continued a 59 36	(e) 联合国人权事务高级专员的报告（续）（A 59 36）
of this increase, 15 per cent is derived from contributions from member states - up from 769 million in 2001 to 885 million in 2002 .	这一增加的15 来自会员国的援助 从2001年的7.69亿美元增加到2002年的8.85亿美元。
i was wondering why that thing didn't work .	我就奇怪这玩意儿为什么不管用了
i don't know the man !	我不认识他!
- you think we should answer ? - yeah .	-你覺得有必要接嗎
acknowledging the need for a comprehensive and integrated approach to the promotion and protection of the human rights of women, which includes the integration of the human rights of women into the mainstream of united nations activities system-wide,	确认需要对促进和保护妇女人权问题采取全面综合的办法，包括将妇女人权纳入联合国全系统活动的主流，
consideration and adoption of the revised	审议和通过2008-2009两年期订正方案预算
- 100 !	- 一百个
5 like the draft articles on prevention, the activities coming within the scope of the present principles have an element of human causation and are qualified as activities not prohibited by international law .	(5) 与关于预防的条款草案一样，本原则草案范围内的活动包含一个人为因素，并且被限定为“国际法未加禁止的活动”。
mrs . papadopoulou greece i should like to thank mr . egeland for his briefing on the humanitarian situation in darfur and in northern uganda and also for his intensive efforts, his advocacy role and his important work in the humanitarian field .	帕帕佐普洛卢夫人（希腊）（以英语发言）：我要感谢埃格兰先生就达尔富尔和乌干达北部的人道主义局势作的通报，并感谢他在人道主义领域中作出的积极努力，起的倡导作用以及做的重要工作。
at regular intervals, not exceeding x years, as well as through spot-checking at any stage, the accreditation body shall review whether the independent entity continues to comply with the accreditation standards, including, as appropriate	14. 认证机构应最长每隔[X]年、并通过在任何阶段的实地检查，审查独立实体是否仍然符合资格确认标准，其中可酌情包括：
it is, therefore, recommended that coordination in the field be strengthened under the united nations country team, with unicef providing the necessary expertise .	因此建议在联合国国家工作队领导下，利用儿童基金会提供的必要的专门知识，加强外地协调。
agencies have agreed to produce a manual for united nations humanitarian field staff that should incorporate best practices collected from the field and contain guidance on practical steps as to when, how and on what basis one should engage or disengage with armed groups . the group is also preparing a policy paper on this issue .	各机构同意为联合国人道主义领域工作人员编写一份手册，其中载有从现场汇集的最佳做法以及何时、如何和在何种基础上与武装团伙接触或脱离接触的具体步骤，该小组还在就这一问题编写政策文件。
- switching from high- to low-sulfur coal burnt in applicable coal-based generation including switching directly from high-sulfur to low-sulfur supplies, blending high- and low-sulfur coal, cleaning high- and medium-sulfur coal, or a combination of cleaning and blending ,	将煤基发电中燃烧的煤由高硫转为低硫煤（包括，直接由高硫转为低硫煤，将高硫与低硫煤混合使用，清洗高硫与中硫煤，或清洗、混合相结合）， 增加天然气或石油的使用，以及 增加替代燃料或进口电能，以满足基本负荷发电要求。
get that straight . nobody makes a fool of malamadre .	明白了吗 没有人能糊弄我恶母
the application for acquiring building permit for the building has been submitted to the relative competent authority after the 1 .5 .2004 the size of the building does not exceed 250 square meters the building is new and used for the first time	已经在2004年5月1日之后向有关主管机构申请了建筑物建造许可证 建筑物面积不超过250平方米 建筑物是新的并第一次使用
as the term of office of the ictr ad litem judges expires in june 2007, elections would have to take place at the end of 2006 or early 2007 .	鉴于卢旺达问题国际法庭审案法官的任期将于2007年6月结束，选举将于2006年底或2007年初举行。
she therefore appealed to donors to provide financial contributions to united nations activities through the joint multi-donor fund .	因此，她呼吁捐助者通过多方捐助者共同基金向联合国提供资金捐助。
the representative of south africa made a statement .	南非代表发了言。
a an assessment undertaken in an objective and transparent manner of the human rights situation in the country under review, including positive developments and the challenges faced by the country	对被审议国家的人权状况、包括该国的积极事态发展和面临的挑战的客观透明的评估； 最佳做法的介绍； 对加强合作以增进和保护人权的强调； 与所涉国家协商并征得其同意后提供技术援助和能力建设； 接受审议的国家自愿作出的承诺和保证。
when you get there, tell them what i instructed you to .	等你到那邊後 就照我說的跟他們解釋
management of pntl continues to be undertaken by the united nations police commissioner, and there is progressive handover of various aspects of headquarters functions .	联合国警务专员继续负责国家警察的管理工作，并正在逐步移交总部的各项职能。
outputs	产出
door buzzes and beeps any news ?	- 有什么新情况吗?
the general assembly, in its resolution 52 212 b of 31 march 1998, accepted the recommendations of the board of auditors for improving implementation of its recommendations approved by the assembly subject to the provisions contained in the resolution .	7. 大会在1998年3月31日第52 212 B号决议中接受审计委员会关于改进执行其经大会核准的建议的建议，但须遵守该决议的规定。
during that period, the subcommission focused on finalizing the draft recommendations .	在此期间，小组委员会的重点是最后确定建议草案。
75, note 9 .	联合国
under agenda item 121, entitled revitalization of the work of the general assembly , the second committee recommends in paragraph 5 of document a 62 427 the adoption of one draft decision .	在题为“大会工作的振兴”的议程项目121下，第二委员会在文件A 62 427第5段中建议通过一项决议草案。
why don't you pick on someone your own size ?	来跟你身材差不多的人打吧
hey, man .	麻煩你通傳一聲 鐵中棠求見極樂道人
at its 50th meeting, on 23 july, the council decided to defer consideration of agenda item 7 a , namely, the report of the committee for programme and coordination on its forty-fourth session, to the resumed session of the council .	15. 在7月23日第50次会议上，理事会决定将议程项目7(a)，即方案和协调委员会第四十四届会议报告，延至理事会续会上审议。
-oh, god .	- 哦，天哪
flo-rida . i'm, like, dude, try the doobie brothers,	-Rida 我就和他说
we're being cut off .	-我们正被切断
the president of the general assembly declared open the high-level meeting on the midterm comprehensive global review of the implementation of the programme of action for the least developed countries for the decade 2001-2010, held in accordance with assembly resolutions 59 244 and 60 228 and decision 60 556 .	大会主席宣布根据大会第59 244和60 228号决议及第60 556号决定举行的全球综合中期审查《2001-2010十年期支援最不发达国家行动纲领》执行情况高级别会议开幕。
know what i'm saying, nigga ?	-让她走吧
he replied, you will certainly be afflicted by wickedness and the wrath of god . do you dispute with me about the names of that which you and your fathers have invented ? god has given no authority to those names . wait for god's decree and i, too, am waiting with you .	他說： 刑罰和譴怒，必從你們的主來臨你們。你們和你們的祖先所定的許多名稱，真主並未加以証實，難道你們要為那些名稱與我爭論嗎？你們等待著吧！我的確是與你們一起等待的。
11 . requests the secretary-general	11. 请秘书长：
why, is it not slick ?	怎么 不时髦吗?
why don't you try ?	何不試試看呢？
the status of the covenant in the domestic legal order	B. 《公约》在国内法律秩序中的地位
but how many countless generations before them have we destroyed, who were even better in equipment and in glitter to the eye ?	在他們之前，我曾毀滅了許多世代，無論資產和外觀，都比他們更優美。
it recommended that unodc consider preparing a compilation of cases relating to asset recovery and that products such as stolen asset recovery a good practices guide for non-conviction based asset forfeiture be considered for the implementation of other provisions of the convention .	它建议毒品和犯罪问题办公室考虑编拟一份有关追回资产的案例汇编，并建议在执行《公约》其他条款时考虑诸如“追回被盗资产：非定罪基础上的资产没收之良好实践指南”之类的产品。
chapter v effectiveness of a security right against third parties	4. 第五章（担保权对抗第三方的效力）
take your time .	别着急
the remaining are crowded in jalozai .	其余拥挤在贾洛宰。
the international community should continue to address the root causes of refugee movements .	国际社会应继续着手消除造成难民流动的根本原因。
james, i'm right here .	"詹姆斯 我在这里" James I'm right here.
oh, for fuck's sake .	哦，见他妈的鬼
welcoming efforts made by the united nations human settlements programme to forge partnerships with other united nations funds and programmes and with international financial institutions, such as the world bank,	欢迎联合国人类住区规划署为了与联合国其他基金、计划署以及与诸如世界银行之类的国际金融机构建立伙伴关系所作的努力，
vi establish at least one station to evaluate temporal variations	建立起码一个测站以评估时间性变化；
f convention on biological diversity continued a 61 225	（f）《生物多样性公约》（续）（A 61 225）
let me off, brother star .	放了我吧 星哥
article 25	第25条
ee-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !	-哈 -哈 -哈
the fund supported the socio-economic development of commodity-dependent developing countries through the financing of commodity-development projects, particularly in the least developed countries .	该基金通过对商品发展项目的融资来支助依赖于商品的发展中国家的社会和经济发展，特别是最不发达国家的社会和经济发展。
introduction	A. 导 言
it was particularly important for ex-combatants to be reintegrated into the fabric of society .	前战斗人员重新融入社会结构尤为重要。
yes ?	什么事？
report of the secretary-general on human rights in the administration of justice, including juvenile justice	秘书长关于在司法，包括少年司法中人权情况的报告
the conference of the parties may establish supplemental review mechanisms in order to complete its tasks under paragraph 4 of this article .	缔约方会议可建立补充审查机制，以便完成其根据本条第4款所负有的任务。
get out of the bed !	借张床用!
all i'm asking you	我只想请求你
where are you staying tonight, charles ?	你今晚住在哪？
while this is functionally tenable, it does not take into account the fact that that important body would be answerable only to organizations with a select membership, not to the general membership .	虽然从职能角度来讲这样做是可行的，但没有考虑到该重要机构只对成员有限的组织负责，而不是对全体成员负责。
a lot of desperate people .	一群绝望的人们
in acknowledging the need for an increased interaction between the leaders of developing and developed world, the ministers agreed to undertake the following measures, among others	118. 承认需要增加发展中和发达国家领导人的互动，部长们同意采取以下措施，其中包括：
all neon signs are shut down at half past ten but everyone then turns on their lights at home	十点半关霓虹灯 每个人回家去开电灯
b one p-4, effective january 2004, and one p-4, effective january 2005, from the investigations division to the prosecution division, in anticipation of increased workload as a result of a large number of cases in the pre-trial phase	(b) 2004年1月把调查司的一名P-4以及2005年1月把该司的另一名P-4调至起诉司，因为预计由于预审阶段有大量的案件要处理，起诉司的工作量将增加。
it is important to recognize that such an ambitious programme is by necessity multi-faceted since the targeted audiences range from uneducated persons with little or no access to modern forms of media to academics and legal practitioners throughout rwanda .	必须认识到，这项目标宏伟的方案必然是多层面的方案，因为目标对象范围很广，包括从卢旺达各地极少或根本没有机会接触现代媒体形式的未受过教育者到学术界人士和法律工作者。
l'll send you with a colleague who'll let you off there .	我找同事送你，他会让你在那边下车
when first contacted by the panel, via a local interlocutor, buraleh denied having procured any missiles, but offered to obtain some from yemen .	专家团先通过当地传话人与其接触，但他否认采购过导弹，并提出可从也门采购导弹。
hey ?	咦
the montreal protocol on substances that	缔约方不限成员名额工作组
hey, that means a lot, man . thanks .	嘿 這夸獎意義深遠 老兄 多謝了
did you have a girl named mousey at your school ?	你们学校有个叫毛斯的女孩儿吗？
the world bank’s most recent estimate is that complete trade liberalization including in manufactures and by developing nations themselves would produce a net gain to the developing world of half a percentage point of their income . but that hasn’t stopped the bank doing its best to hide this meager impact behind impressive-sounding claims .	世界银行最新预测：彻底的贸易自由化（包括制造业和发展中国家自身的自由化）能带给发展中国家的纯收益仅占其现有收入的半个百分点。但这样的预测并没有妨碍世界银行竭尽全力用令人鼓舞的言辞来掩盖这种微不足道的影响。
the role of diamonds in fuelling conflict breaking the link between the illicit transaction of rough diamonds and armed conflict as a contribution to prevention and settlement of conflicts	62 11. 钻石在助长冲突方面所起的作用：切断毛坯钻石非法 交易与武装冲突之间的联系，协助防止和消除冲突
you make me doubt, but i was never the one to blame	你让我怀疑， 但我从来都不是一个怪
the tribunal's information centre in kigali, named umusanzu mu bwiyunge contribution to reconciliation in kinyarwanda , receives approximately 100 visitors per day, including students, journalists, civil servants, judges and lawyers, as well as ordinary citizens from all walks of life .	法庭设在基加利的新闻中心，基尼亚卢旺达语名称为“促进和解”，该中心每天接待约100名来访者，其中包括学生、新闻记者，公务员、法官和律师以及各阶层普通公民。
the beneficiary organizations would implement activities in the field of human rights education during a period of eight months .	这些受益组织将开展为期8个月的人权教育活动。
- i don't want to marry him .	我不要嫁给他 好，好
my dissertation .	我的論文
generally, the constituent present at greatest concentration will be used to describe the waste .	通常，以最高浓度存在的成分将被用于描述该废料。
answer, eight .	5个字母 答案8
c confirmation of the appointment of members of the investments committee	(c) 认可投资委员会成员的任命；
funny you should say that .	你真幽默，钱班霓
as agreed upon at the fourteenth summit of heads of state and government of the non-aligned movement, we recognize the inalienable right that all states have to develop and use nuclear energy for purely peaceful means through rigorous respect for international atomic energy agency iaea safeguards .	像第十四次不结盟运动国家元首和政府首脑会议商定的那样，我们确认所有国家都享有在严格遵守国际原子能机构（原子能机构）保障制度的情况下，纯粹为和平目的发展和利用核能的不可剥夺权利。
sou, there's a parcel from your friends .	寄過來的包裹
520 posts	安全咨询股
27 during 2004, 330 acts were reported to imo to have occurred or to have been attempted, representing a decrease of 27 per cent over the figure for 2003 .	27 2004年，海事组织共接到关于330起犯罪或犯罪未遂的报告，比2003年的数字减少了27 。
the committee had before it the text of a letter dated 24 may 2004 from the acting president of the general assembly to the chairman of the committee on contributions, transmitting a letter dated 21 may 2004 from the permanent representative of somalia to the united nations addressed to the president of the general assembly .	86. 委员会收到大会代理主席2004年5月24日给会费委员会主席的信，其中转递索马里常驻联合国代表2004年5月21日给大会主席的信。
where the hell is it !	到底在哪里？
ms . aido spain said that the law on effective equality called for clear statistics and indicators, not only with regard to the roma population but also the immigrant population .	65. Aido女士（西班牙）说，关于切实平等的法律要求提供清晰的统计数据和指标，不仅是关于罗姆人口的数据和指标，还有关于移民人口的数据和指标。
e convention on the rights of persons with disabilities	(e) 残疾人权利公约
them germans will be here pretty soon, and they'll come looking for you .	德国人很快就会到了 他们会来找你
in the long term, it would be important to address rural underdevelopment in developing countries, which had been a major cause of unprecedented urban growth .	就长期而言，必须解决发展中国家农村地区不发达问题，因为这是导致城市空前扩展的一个主要根源。
a res 59 314 items 45 and 55 -- draft outcome document of the high-level plenary meeting of the general assembly of september 2005 a c e f r s	A RES 59 314 项目45和55 2005年9月大会高级别全体会议成果文件草稿 [阿、中、英、法、俄、西]
they're not even supposed to be here .	他们甚至不是 应该在这里。
such a club would not only be good for the economy, but also for the exchange of resources and cultures between the north and the south .	这样做不只可以促进经济 改善两岸关系 还可以进一步加强文化交流
i said drop it !	我说... ... 放开她！
i deliver newspapers .	我是投递员
we are greatly encouraged by the firm commitment of all those international organizations and development partners to continue to support the efforts of the ethiopian government, for which we remain sincerely grateful .	所有这些国际组织和发展伙伴继续支持埃塞俄比亚政府所做努力的坚定承诺使我们受到极大鼓舞，我们继续对此表示衷心感谢。
contraceptives, including the male and female condoms, were available free of charge, although the user rate for the latter device was low .	避孕用品，包括男性和女性避孕套在内，均为免费提供，尽管后一种避孕用品的使用率很低。
adoption of the report of the congress .	8. 通过预防犯罪大会报告。
i'll be back before you get up .	我会在你起床前回来的
and in spite of the fact that eurostat recommendations suggest ignoring e-mail traffic we can agree to that from a professional aspect , we preferred to further include the e-mail option separately among the possible answers .	因此，不可避免，一部分电子邮件活动会同因特网活动混淆。
the loss of life reverberates throughout the community and the world, the victims and their loved ones coming from a multitude of nationalities and ethnicities, many of my own countrymen and countrywomen perishing with the rest .	这种生命损失震撼了整个社区和社会，其受害者及其亲属们都来自不同的国籍和种族，我国的许多男女同胞也同其他人一起丧生。
unaids and the office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights have also produced the international guidelines on hiv aids and human rights 1998 and its revised guideline 6 2002 to promote and protect human rights in the context of hiv aids .	联合国艾滋病方案和联合国人权事务高级专员办事处还制定了《艾滋病毒 艾滋病和人权国际准则》（1998年）及其《修订的准则6》(2002年)，以在艾滋病毒 艾滋病背景下促进和保护人权。
mr . aboul gheit egypt spoke in arabic the role of civil society is clearly gaining importance for united nations peace-building and peacekeeping, and there is greater awareness of the needs of peace-building and peacekeeping .	阿布勒 盖特先生（埃及）（以阿拉伯语发言）：公民社会的作用显然正为联合国的和平建设与维持和平行动带来重要性，人们正越来越强烈地意识到建设和平与维持和平的需要。
we go over there	我们去那边
while the committee notes that the principle of the best interests of the child is included in the state party's legislation, it is concerned that it is not always implemented in practice, in particular for children belonging to vulnerable groups .	618. 委员会尽管注意到缔约国立法中纳入了儿童最大利益的原则，但是对实践中并非总是予以落实、特别是未对弱势群体儿童落实而表示关切。
floor .	-不，芙洛
description this annual seminar provides general guidance on specific and complex aspects of the review of emission estimates . it enables experienced ghg inventory review experts to strengthen and refresh their knowledge, both for cross-cutting aspects and for sector-specific issues	说明：这一年度研讨会针对评估排放量估计数的一些具体和复杂的方面提供一般指南，帮助有经验的温室气体排放清单审评专家加强和更新知识，既包括跨部门性的知识，也包括有关具体部门问题的知识
it would be so hard for him to recede into the background .	要他放弃这个机会 真的很难 --
nor should we forget that resolution 1373 2001 on counter-terrorism was adopted in response to one of the most dangerous challenges of modern times, which was described by the council as a threat to international peace and security .	我们也不应忘记，通过关于反恐问题的第1373 （2001）号决议是对现代最危险挑战之一作出的反应，安理会认为这种挑战是对国际和平与安全的威胁。
i did not kill daniel robertson .	我沒有謀殺Daniel Robertson
the committee commends the state party for its combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report, which, although long overdue, was in accordance with the committee's guidelines for the preparation of reports .	154. 委员会赞扬该缔约国编写了初次、第二、第三、第四和第五次定期报告的合并报告，虽然拖了很长时间，不过还是符合委员会编写报告之指导方针的。
but there is clearly room for more thought on generic approaches to such problems .	但肯定还有解决这类问题的其他一般办法。
it shared the view that the central role of the general assembly in the elaboration of counter-terrorism instruments must be stressed, even though other principal united nations organs were seized of questions concerning terrorism .	它赞同一种看法，即必须强调大会在拟订反恐文书方面的中枢作用，即使联合国其他主要机关也处理恐怖主义问题。
me also, i sometimes feel it .	- 有时候，感觉是...
- hey, barry . how's it going ?	- 嗨 Barry 你还好吗？
oios therefore considers modality 6 implemented .	因此监督厅认为方式6已实施。
that's why you're the master . did you get the artifact ?	老大不愧是老大 藝術品到手了嗎?
it'll be alright .	没什么事的
what do you think ?	你认为怎么样？
requests the secretariat to report regularly to the consultations of the president of the board on the resources available for financing the participation of experts	5. 请秘书处定期向理事会主席主持的磋商会报告资助专家与会可用资金的状况；
come on, let's just get in and go . come on .	我們進去吧，走
requests for clarification and further information may be sent to the doe and the project participants .	15. 可向指定经营实体和项目参与方发出澄清要求和进一步资料要求。
in response to the note verbale, the following states provided their views azerbaijan, belarus, finland, germany, greece, haiti, hungary, ireland, japan, lebanon, madagascar, malaysia, saudi arabia, the syrian arab republic, thailand and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland .	10. 为响应该普通照会，下列国家提供了意见：阿塞拜疆、白俄罗斯、芬兰、德国、希腊、海地、匈牙利、爱尔兰、日本、黎巴嫩、马达加斯加、马来西亚、沙特阿拉伯、阿拉伯叙利亚共和国、泰国和大不列颠及北爱尔兰联合王国。
western european and other states	西欧和其他国家： 比利时 约翰 韦贝克先生阁下
no .	- 不不
in his letter dated 10 july 2008 to the president of the security council s 2008 456 , the secretary-general informed the council of his intention to appoint alexander downer as his special adviser on cyprus as from 14 july 2008 .	28. 秘书长在2008年7月10日写给安全理事会主席的信(S 2008 456)中，通知安理会，他打算任命亚历山大 唐纳自2008年7月14日起担任他的塞浦路斯问题特别顾问。
general daniel chase, chief-of-staff at the pentagon, explains	五角大厦主席 Daniel Chase 将军解释：
decision xiv non-compliance with the montreal protocol by belize	第XIV 33号决定. 伯利兹未遵守《蒙特利尔议定书》的情况
no !	不要 不要啊
i don't want to believe it either .	我也不想相信
noting also, in this context, the importance of equitable economic and social development, as well as continued dialogue among the parties involved in new caledonia in the preparation of the act of self-determination of new caledonia,	在这方面，又注意到进行公平的经济及社会发展的重要性，以及由参与筹备新喀里多尼亚自决行动的新喀里多尼亚有关各方继续进行对话的重要性，
as a result, migrant workers are forced to initiate more than one billion separate transactions worldwide each year . that means more than one billion trips for rural women and men to collect their money .	结果，全世界赴外工人每年被迫进行超过10亿笔汇款操作。这意味着农村男女需要出10亿次远门拿钱。考虑到汇款、取款往来和时间方面的成本，侨汇对于生活在贫困的人群来说太昂贵了。
i want to show you the doors and windows that i made .	我想让你看看我做的门和窗户
the transaction may not be blocked for more than five days, the maximum time limit within which the unit is required to terminate the block and authorize the execution of the transaction if the evidence is inaccurate or, if this is not the case, to transmit the action to the public prosecutor .	但冻结期限不能超过五天，期限届满时，如经查明迹象不实，反洗钱股应解除冻结，准许进行交易，或在相反情况下，将案件移送总检察长处理。
those letters, dated from 29 september 2000 a 55 432-s 2000 921 to 3 june 2008 a es-10 419-s 2008 365 , constitute a basic record of the crimes being committed by israel, the occupying power, against the palestinian people since september 2000 .	这些信函从2000年9月29日（A 55 432-S 2000 921）起到2008年6月3日（A ES-10 419-S 2008 365）为止，是对占领国以色列2000年9月以来对巴勒斯坦人民所犯罪行的基本记录。
on 7 august, it was reported that idf that week had loosened the rules of engagement for soldiers serving in the occupied territories .	86. 8月7日，据报这一周国防军放宽了在被占领土执勤的士兵的接战规则。
the prospective south-south cooperation and triangular cooperation activities will be part of the revised strategic and enhanced focus initiatives .	未来的南南合作和三角合作活动将成为订正的、重点更突出的战略倡议的一部分。
is that what it says on it ?	上面是這麼刻的嗎?
tell them that kostja, piterski and holostjak are with me .	自称是总指挥部侦察局特种部队
i don't smoke .	我不抽烟的
not undo it . . .	無意詆毀...
and this one . nice lady in detroit, motown .	这是从底特律的 个女人身上来的
don't take it too seriously .	别太在意
mrs . moucheboume, do you enjoy scandinavian literature ?	毛太太，你喜欢北欧文学吗？
the inducement or compulsion of a juvenile under the age of 14 to engage in prostitution, or of providing premises to juveniles for purposes of prostitution, may be punished by deprivation of liberty for a term of five to twelve years, with or without the forfeiture of property .	诱使或强迫青少年（不满14岁）从事卖淫，或者为他们卖淫提供场所的，可处以剥夺5-12年自由，并处以没收或者不没收财产。
come on, let's do the ritual	来. 先拜一拜
look, hurst, what do you expect ?	看看 赫斯特 你预期会怎么样
- you can't, brigid .	-你不能这么做 Brigid
thisisreallygreat .	这真是太棒了。
hallelujah !	哈里路亚
independence of the courts 62 - 68 13	A. 宪法对人的权利权和自由的确认 50-
based on the contributions of member states, the chairpersons revised their original text .	根据成员国提出的意见，主席修正了他们原先的案文。
b issuance by the ministry of justice 14 february 2006 of six prohibitions on people's prison police and six prohibitions for rtl guards and by the supreme people's procuratorate 26 july 2006 of regulations on filing cases standard on infringing rights by dereliction of duty , focused on preventing abuses in detention and investigating abuses	(b) 司法部(2006年2月14日)颁布了《监狱人民警察六条禁令》和《劳教人民警察六条禁令》；最高人民检察院(2006年7月26日)颁布了《关于渎职侵权犯罪案件立案标准的规定》，重点防止拘留和调查中的虐待；
source department of secondary education ministry of primary and secondary education, porto-novo, benin .	资料来源：中等教育司 初级与中等教育部，波多诺伏市，贝宁。
in addition, a heavily indebted poor countries debt cancellation process for c te d'ivoire has been initiated by the world bank and the imf .	此外，世界银行和基金组织启动了根据重债穷国债务倡议取消科特迪瓦债务的工作。
the party stars at 2 hours .	在两小时内开始。
the council remained ready to support the parties in this regard .	安理会随时愿意为此支持有关各方。
section iv recapitulates the policy proposals underpinning the updating of the resource allocation system and presents the outcomes of the proposed revisions in terms of a revised distribution of countries by categories, as well as the proposed shares of resources to different categories .	5. 第四节综述了支持改进资源分配制度的政策建议，并提出了拟议订正的结果，即经订正的国家在各类别分配情况，以及不同类别的拟议资源份额。
take your seat .	坐你的位子
susan !	苏珊!
- one of them is shot .	有一个中枪了.
show him .	把咱的东西给他看看
make him suffer .	折磨他
i have three cards .	我有三张牌。 一个网络
you're on this adventure . . . it is quite heavy , is not it ?	你们一群孩子在这里冒险 也应该很辛苦了吧
moreover, whereas the legal obligations to safeguard and fulfil human rights rest primarily with the states parties to the various international human rights treaties, the human rights themselves are rights of individuals .	此外，虽然保障和实施人权的法律责任首先应该由各项国际人权条约的缔约国来承担，但人权本身却是个人权利。
bones .	- Bones
a hrc 7 16 add .1, para .	A HRC 7 16 Add.1 para. 130-134.
postman how was that, paul ?	怎么样，Paul？ 我演的还好？
ok .	好啊
please write back to your giuliana .	请给你的朱莉安回信
move it, move it .	把这个搬走
in december 2006, abulaiti abudurexiti, the vice-chairman of the national committee of the chinese people's political consultative conference, led a delegation to visit syria .	12月，全国政协副主席阿不来提 阿不都热西提率全国政协代表团访问叙利亚。
a response to that situation can be put off no longer .	对这种情况作出反应，已不能再继续推迟了。
it was so decided .	就这样决定。
the committee is concerned about the noticeable decline in recent years in women's representation in parliament and notes that the increase in women's participation in municipal and county councils is slow .	427. 委员会对近年来妇女在议会的代表人数明显下降表示关注，并注意到，妇女参加市、县政府人数增加得很慢。
however, criminal cases which under this law carry a maximum punishment of up to three years' imprisonment may be overlooked .	但是按本法规定的最高刑为三年以下有期徒刑的，可以不予追究。
development partners will aim, including through actions within relevant multilateral fora, at	68. 发展伙伴将通过有关多边论坛上采取的行动等办法争取：
the section currently has a senior political affairs officer p-5 , three political affairs officers 2 p-4, 1 p-3 and an associate political affairs officer p-2 a 62 521, paras .	该科现有1名高级政治事务干事（P-5）、3名政治事务干事（2个P-4、1个P-3）和1名协理政治事务干事（P-2）（A 62 521，第108-111段)。
yeah, i sure got character now . i got it in a hotel room in louisville .	当然现在我有些特色了
the general assembly furthermore requested the secretary-general, in cooperation and consultation with relevant agencies, organizations and programmes of the united nations system, to prepare and disseminate to states a comprehensive elaboration of the duties and obligations of flag states, including the potential consequences of non-compliance prescribed in the relevant international instruments .	大会还请秘书长同联合国系统的有关机构、组织和方案合作和协商，编写并向各国分发一份关于船旗国责任和义务的全面阐述，包括有关国际文书所规定的若不遵守则有可能引起的后果。
c costs of damage survey and assessment	(c) 损害勘察和评估费用
sustainable development is one of the strategic axes of the space activities of france, whose action in this area is conceived in terms of multiple partnerships .	可持续发展是法国空间活动的一个重要的战略方向，在这个领域里的行动计划将吸收多方面的合作伙伴来推行。
handstands .	继续
repeat ! the man has been hit .	重复 总统遭到枪击
i'm gonna watch you suffer .	我是你受苦要去手表。
ultimately, dfid also indicated that anti-corruption assistance was delivered by providing expertise from various government agencies to both partner countries and international organizations .	最后，国际开发部还指出，还通过向伙伴国家和国际组织提供来自政府各机构的专业知识作为所提供的反腐败援助。
a number of organizations have extended or formulated such programmes of assistance from within their own budgetary resources, in addition to their respective contributions as executing agencies of projects funded by the united nations development programme undp , the primary provider of assistance .	有些组织除作为主要援助机构－联合国开发计划署(开发计划署)所资助项目的执行机构作出贡献之外，还从其本身预算经费中拨款，用于提供援助或拟订此类援助方案。
right of peoples to self-determination	人民自决的权利
what's the matter with you ?	你到底怎么了?
in such a desperate situation, the united nations must not wait until the traditional conditions for the deployment of a peacekeeping mission existed it must act before it was too late to bring under control a crisis that could seriously destabilize the subregion and the entire region .	在这样绝望的局势下，联合国绝不能等待部署维持和平特派团的传统条件出现；它必须在能够及时控制会严重破坏次区域和整个区域稳定的危机之前采取行动。
our deliberations today must be seen as another step in expressing the council's readiness to take necessary steps, in accordance with its responsibilities under the charter, to counter terrorist threats and to put pressure on those who would seek, whether directly or indirectly, to acquiesce in, encourage or tolerate those terrorist acts .	安理会愿意根据它在《宪章》下的责任，采取必要步骤，消除恐怖主义威胁并向直接或间接寻求默许、鼓励或容忍那些恐怖主义行为的方面施加压力。 而我们今天的审议工作，必须被视为在表达安理会的这一意愿方面迈出的又一步。
what ?	有沒有搞錯呀？
in addition to act no . 80 of 2002, which codifies the said provisions, a number of egyptian laws that predate that convention contain provisions which match those of the convention .	除了2002年第80号法列入这些条款，一些在该公约之前颁布的埃及法律也载有与公约相应的规定。
enjoying life, while we work like idiots for a loaf of bread .	享受人生，而我们则为口奔驰
the financial obligation of the organization to the pension fund consists of its mandated contribution at the rate established by the general assembly, together with its share of any actuarial deficiency payments under article 26 of the regulations of the pension fund .	联合国对该基金的财务责任包括按大会订立的比率缴付规定的款额，以及根据养恤基金条例第26条支付其为弥补任何精算短缺而应分摊的缴款。
kaufman in trouble !	考夫曼有麻烦了
military court of blida sentenced ali benhadj, in his absence, to 12 years' imprisonment .	1992年7月15日，Blida的军事法庭缺席重判Ali Benhadj12年徒刑。
wind whistling	狂风呼啸]
what did you do to my room ?	凯文！ 看你把我的房间搞成 什么样子？
about nine days from now when it finally starves to death .	从现在开始九天之后 是饿死的.
kent ?	肯特？
just flip it .	快抛
overall consequences of such a manner of occupation	F. 这种形式占领的总体影响
5582nd meeting closed meeting of the security council with the troop-contributing countries to the united nations peacekeeping force in cyprus unficyp pursuant to resolution 1353 2001 , annex ii, sections a and b	第5582次会议(非公开) 安全理事会依照第1353（2001）号决议附件二A和B节的规定与联合国驻塞浦路斯维持和平部队（联塞部队）的出兵国举行会议
i'm going under the knife tomorrow . i told you that, right ?	我说过我要开刀的吧？
the dag hammarskj ld library has continued to expand its services to united nations depository libraries .	50. 达格 哈马舍尔德图书馆继续将其服务范围扩大到联合国托存图书馆。
the agreement was ratified at a plenary meeting and adopted as uif resolution no .	全体会议上批准并通过该协定，成为金融情报室第04 2004号决议。
8 .20 the amount of 300,500 would provide for the travel of representatives, travel of staff, and contractual services .	8.20 300 500美元将用于支付代表旅费、工作人员旅费和订约承办事务。
the age at which men and women married was usually between 20 and 24 years .	男女结婚年龄通常为20岁至24岁。
the united nations office on drugs and crime, under its current executive director, was now increasingly focusing on priority issues such as the provision of technical assistance to states in crime prevention and criminal-justice reform .	70. 联合国毒品和犯罪问题办事处在其现任执行主任的领导下正在把注意力越来越多地集中在一些重点问题上，比如对各国的预防犯罪和刑事司法改革提供技术援助。
name them after their fathers, that is more just with allah . if you do not know their fathers, regard them as your brothers in the religion, or those under your sponsorship . there is no fault in you if you make mistakes, but only in what your hearts intended . allah is forgiving and the most merciful,	你们应当以他们的父亲的姓氏称呼他们，在真主看来，这是更公平的。如果你们不知道他们的父亲是谁，那末，他们是你们的教胞和亲友。你们所误犯的事，对于你们没有罪过，你们所故犯的事，就不然了。真主是至赦的，是至慈的。
and hurry up, man .	- 老兄，快点啊
he was looking for a vampire and he didn't hesitate for a second when he found one .	他在尋找吸血鬼 找到時會毫不手軟
nothing but the finest, gentlemen .	传特先生真是位热爱运动的绅士
on 27 february 2003, andorra deposited its instrument of accession to the convention on the prohibition of the development, production, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and on their destruction cwc .	2003年2月27日，安道尔交存了《关于禁止发展、生产、储存和使用化学武器及销毁此种武器的公约》的加入书。
fighting over england put the luffwaffe at a disadvantage .	在英国上空战斗把德国空军 置于一个不利地位
he wanted to pay for his son's deed .	他想为他儿子的行为买单.
requests the secretariat, within the framework of the preparation of the draft programme budget for the next biennium, to review the use of ad hoc expert groups with a view to improving their cost-effectiveness, including by exploring the use of virtual meetings, and to ensure that they support full implementation of the accra accord	5. 请秘书处在编制下一个两年期方案概算的框架内审查特设专家组的利用情况，以期提高这类专家组的成本效益，包括探索可否利用虚拟会议形式，并确保能够支持《阿克拉协议》的全面执行；
the taliban is regrouping, and the warlords continue to defy kabul .	塔利班正在重新组织起来，军阀也在继续与喀布尔对抗。
let's party !	！ ( )
59 172 . assistance to refugees, returnees and displaced persons in africa	59 172. 向非洲境内难民、回返者和流离失所者提供援助
don't work too hard .	别太累了！
we realize you could have all the things that we associate with oceans on the earth going on inside a moon .	原来地球海洋有的一切 都存在于卫星
- and it's like . . .	- 这就像...
with japanese prices rising and the yen falling relative toother currencies, investors will be willing to hold japanesegovernment bonds jgbs only if their nominal yield issignificantly higher than it has been in the past . a direct effectof the higher interest rate would be to increase the budget deficitand the rate of growth of government debt .	随着日本物价上涨以及日元相对其他货币贬值，欲让投资者继续愿意持有日本国债，唯有名义收益率较过去大幅提高。利率升高的一个直接效应将是扩大预算赤字和国债增长率。在债务 GDP比率已经高达230 的情况下，借贷成本上升4个百分点将导致年度赤字翻番，达到GDP的20 。
i want to work hard to go independent and live with ma .	我要努力工作，我要自立， 也是为了养活母亲
if he doesn't return, report it .	如果他不回来也告诉我
come on .	快啊
that blonde babe in the leopard print looks like fun .	其中一个吧 太自大了 班
i ask in particular the european union member states and the european union's commission to maintain their principled position by insisting on serbia's full cooperation with the international tribunal as a condition in the european union pre-accession and accession process .	我特别请求欧洲联盟成员国和欧洲联盟委员会保持其原则立场，坚持以塞尔维亚与国际法庭的充分合作作为加入欧洲联盟之前和加入进程中的一个条件。
i came on my bike	波意多我刚好在散步 就过来看下你
workshop	讲习班
how did you know ?	你怎么知道的?
alex !	亞歷！
it's just that i'm trying to get through this, trying to be . . . strong .	我只想努力撑过去，试着... ... 坚强起来
but that definitely sounds like gunshots, and i don't know where it's coming from .	可是那绝对是枪声 我不知道是从哪传来的
task me, blair .	給我任務吧 blair
experts discussed linkages between the different aspects of annex d of the july package, in particular the linkages between the proposed trade facilitation measures and countries' capacity to implement them .	43. 专家们讨论了“7月套案”附件D不同方面之间的联系，尤其是拟议的贸易便利化措施与国家执行能力之间的联系。
in practice, however, it can be very difficult to fix the exact point in time of resolution of the dispute .	但在实践中，争端解决的确切时间是很难确定的。
these do not modify the aims and purposes of the organization .	这些附则没有改变本组织的目标和宗旨。
would you like some green tea ?	喝点绿茶吧？
even among those who statistics tell us are benefiting, many feel deeply insecure and strongly resent the apparent complacency of those more fortunate than themselves .	即便是在统计数字告诉我们属于获益者之列的那些人当中，很多人也深感不稳当，并对那些比自己更幸运的人溢于言表的自满情绪深感憎恶。
with the rise of this type of internal conflict between various groups and within declining economic circumstances, a development or peace-building agenda is imperative to ece .	61. 各群体之间在衰退的经济形势下这类内部冲突日益增多，拟定发展或建设和平议程对于欧洲经委会来说至关重要。
all right .	好吧
the presence of monuc in the east will also have to be strengthened through an additional one-year mandate after evaluation of the progress made .	还应加强联刚特派团在东部的部署，并在对完成的工作进行评价后，将其任期延长一年。
you want to come over tonight ?	你想要 今晚过来
there will be two briefings, organized by the peacekeeping best practices unit of the department of peacekeeping operations, as indicated below .	维持和平行动部维持和平最佳做法股将安排以下两次简报。
f convening of an expert group to review and specify the rates for medical support services	(f) 召集一个专家小组会议，审查和明确规定医疗支助服务的费率；
and fred tinsdale and mimi binder .	还有佛列与咪咪
howard, you go ahead and eat .	Howard 你继续吃吧
the president i now give the floor to the chairman of the sudan people's liberation movement army, mr . john garang, in accordance with rule 39 of the council's provisional rules of procedure .	主席（以英语发言）：我现在根据安理会暂行议事规则第39条，邀请苏丹人民解放运动 解放军主席约翰 加朗先生发言。
the acting president statements will therefore be limited to explanations of vote .	代理主席（以英语发言）：因此，发言将只限于解释投票。
7 resolution 53 125 .	大会第53 125号决议。
against this backdrop, the paper seeks to define, in a focused manner, the strategy and approach that unido should adopt to fulfil its mandate and mission .	在这样的背景下，文章重点阐述了工发组织为了履行其授权和完成其使命应采取的战略和措施。
i want to do this . - why ?	但是我想去做
responsibility for resolution of disputes may also be shared by the courts and, where appropriate, resolved by way of joint hearing .	67. 法院还可分担解决争议的责任，在适当情形下，通过联合听审的方式解决。
at its forty-ninth session 1997 , the commission adopted preliminary conclusions on reservations to normative multilateral treaties, including human rights treaties .	7. 委员会在第四十九届会议(1997年)上通过了关于对规范性多边条约包括人权条约的保留问题的初步结论。
the two are pending discussion by parliament .	这两部法案还有待经过议会讨论。
h structure of daily use of time by individuals 12 years of age or older, by sex and place of residence, for 2005 .	h) 2005年按性别和居住地划分的12岁和12岁以上者一昼夜时间花费构成（据2005年时间利用情况一次性调查材料）
the number of people exposed to risks from the ambient air and drinking water has fallen as a result of the constant attention and extensive measures that have been implemented .	627. 由于持续不断的注意和采取了广泛的措施，因此受到周围空气和饮用水威胁的人数有所减少。
the committee welcomes the adoption of the code on childhood and adolescence in 2004 and the fact that the new legal framework incorporates an integrated system of protection and the principles of the convention on the rights of the child .	209. 委员会欢迎该国2004年通过了《儿童与青少年法典》，并欢迎新的法律框架纳入了一项综合的保护制度以及《儿童权利公约》的诸项原则。
the mission conducted three field visits two to the gaza strip between 30 may and 6 june, and between 25 june and 1 july 2009 and one visit to amman on 2 and 3 july 2009 .	调查团进行了三次实地访问：2009年5月30日至6月6日并在6月25日至7月1日期间对加沙地带进行了两次访问；2009年7月2日和3日对阿曼进行了一次访问。
she hoped that united nations support to burundian partners would facilitate the establishment of solid institutions capable of meeting the needs of the citizenry .	19. 她希望联合国对布隆迪伙伴的支助将促进建立坚实可靠的机构，有能力满足公民的需要。
oh, for cryin' out loud, molly, will you marry me ?	哦，对哭泣出声， 娘娘腔的男人，你会嫁给我吗？
a family . . . a while back .	生一個孩子
aging brings some rather remarkable improvements -- increased knowledge, expertise -- and emotional aspects of life improve .	衰老也带来一些非同凡响的进步 知识的增加，专业的精深 人生的情绪层面也有所提升
as a result, while being operationally self-sustained, the brigades rely entirely on monuc in respect of the support from their rear logistics installations and assistance in providing support to their own operational company-size elements deployed to remote locations .	其结果是，各旅在业务上是自我维持的，但在后方后勤设施支助以及支助各旅部署在偏远地点的连级业务单位方面完全依赖联刚特派团。
i think it might be too much for my sciatic nerve .	我想这会让我我坐骨神经受不了
in a matter of just days, these climbers make it to the canopy .	短短几天光景 这些攀缘植物就到了树冠层
paragraph 57 did not address the long-term arrangements for plutonium management .	第57段未处理钚管理的长期安排问题。
now if the two of you would treat each other as more than just passing acquaintances--	如果你们两个 能多关心关心对方而不是 - 只当对方为过客
ictr also maintains an appeals chamber support unit at the international tribunal for the former yugoslavia itfy at the hague .	卢旺达问题国际法庭在海牙前南斯拉夫问题国际法庭（前南问题国际法庭）也设立了上诉分庭支助股。
maybe, maybe not .	可能会，可能不会
we are expected to transform today's insecurity into tomorrow's opportunities .	人们指望我们将今天的不安全变成明天的机会。
but that's not the issue .	但这还不是问题
i bet they're sick of this war .	南朝鲜的家伙们 也厌倦战争了吧
as a follow-up, the centre, with the support of oxfam great britain, would finalize training modules for a pilot training course in this domain for members of the west africa action network on small arms, which was created in accra on 21 may 2002 .	作为一项后续行动，该中心在大不列颠牛津救济会的支助下，将最后确定进行这方面试验性培训课程的培训单元，供2002年5月21日在阿克拉成立的西非小武器行动网络的成员使用。
it hoped that the two drafts, which include international standards on court proceedings, will be adopted by parliament when it reconvenes in january 2009 .	它希望议会在2009年1月复会时将通过规定法院诉讼国际标准的这两部草案。
the united nations development fund for women has supported dialogue between women members of parliament and the independent election commission aimed at ensuring that women's concerns about the electoral process are heard and addressed adequately .	联合国妇女发展基金支助女议员和独立选举委员会之间的对话，目的是确保妇女对选举进程的关注得到了解并充分解决。
the captain's cries of pain at the loss of his son are more frightening to the enemy than the deepest battle drums .	他丧子之痛的惨叫... 比最深沉的战鼓声，更令敌人胆战心惊
mass media have a vital contribution to make in drawing public attention to the consequences of terrorism and its impact on victims and the assistance available to them, with due concern for the right of privacy and taking into account the danger of re-traumatization .	大众媒体也可作出重大贡献，使公众注意恐怖主义的后果、其对受害者的影响，以及受害者可以得到的援助，同时适当注意隐私权和顾及造成第二次伤害的危险。
can i not pick him up, just for a minute ?	我不能就把他抱起来一小会儿吗？
go on away from here .	离这里远点.
at its sixty-first session, in 2006, the general assembly welcomed the signing of the treaty on a nuclear-weapon-free zone in central asia in semipalatinsk, kazakhstan, on 8 september 2006 and noted the readiness of the central asian countries to continue consultations with the nuclear-weapon states on a number of provisions of the treaty resolution 61 88 .	2006年，大会第六十一届会议欢迎2006年9月8日《中亚无核武器区条约》在哈萨克斯坦塞米巴拉金斯克签署；并注意到中亚各国准备继续就《条约》的一些条款同核武器国家协商（第61 88号决议）。
draft resolution xxi was adopted by 133 votes to 4, with 47 abstentions resolution 57 223 .	决议草案二十一以133票对4票、47票弃权获得通过(第57 223号决议)。
let future generations remember this moment as a time when world leaders rose to the occasion to lay the foundation for a healthy and progressive global village this remains our destination in the new millennium .	让后代这样回忆目前这个时刻：世界各国领导人在这个时刻采取了果断的行动为建立一个健康和进步的全球村庄打下了基础；这继续是我们在新的千年中的目标。
all of these steps will contribute to sustainable domesticgrowth and a more stable global financial system . other majoremerging economies’ policymakers would be wise to act with the samepurpose in mind .	与其他新兴市场经济体类似，中国致力于金融稳定，并在改革全球金融系统中起到了自己的作用。中国是首批签署巴塞尔III标准的国家之一，人民币的进一步国际化也将依审慎务实的路径下展开。国内金融改革将集中在强化政策协调以及利率市场化和汇率弹性化。
it reiterated concerns raised by the special representative in his reports to the general assembly and the commission on human rights and pointed to the government's failure to meet the five benchmarks agreed to at the consultative group meeting in june 2002 .	该文件重申了特别代表在其提交大会和人权委员会的报告中提出的各项问题，并指出政府未能达到协商小组在2002年6月的会议上商定的五条基准。
no injuries ?	疼...
- bye kids !	- 拜拜，孩子们! - 拜!
subsequently, in his letter dated 21 december, addressed to the president of the security council, the president of eritrea stated that my 11 december letter was out of consonance with the reality at hand .	后来，厄立特里亚总统在12月21日给安全理事会主席的信中说我12月11日的信“脱离实际。”
one claimant seeks to recover the cost of incentives paid to employees from 18 january 1991 to 28 february 1991 in order to encourage them to continue working in saudi arabia during iraq's occupation of kuwait .	260. 有一个索赔人要求赔偿从1991年1月18日到1991年2月28日为了鼓励雇员们在伊拉克占领科威特期间继续在沙特阿拉伯工作而支付给他们的奖励费用。
3 .7 all complainants allege that the lawfulness of their detention was not open to review, in violation of article 9, paragraph 4 .	3.7 所有申诉人都指控他们受到拘留的合法性问题无法得到审查，因此违反了第九条第4款。
b in sudan, a representative of the human rights component of the united nations mission in the sudan unmis participated in a conference at the invitation of the equatoria states union of the disabled entitled conference on the rights of persons with disabilities . the conference adopted a resolution which it presented to the government	人权高专办代表关于“为了禁止歧视和促进融入，如何监督联合国《公约》并采取后续措施”作了发言； 在苏丹，联合国苏丹特派团(苏丹特派团)人权部门代表应赤道国家残疾人联盟邀请，参加了“残疾人权利会议”。
as the occupying power, it had an obligation, confirmed by resolutions of the general assembly and the security council, to respect the basic human rights of the palestinian people .	大会和安全理事会的决议确认，作为占领国，以色列有义务尊重巴勒斯坦人民的基本人权。
now . . .	现在...
undp coordinates its global mine-action response in post-conflict environments through the mine action team of its bureau for crisis prevention and recovery .	21. 开发计划署通过预防危机和复原局排雷行动工作队协调冲突后局势下的总体排雷行动反应。
while deciding on the reduction of a person's legal age of consent to marriage, the court must hear out the opinion of the minor person's parents or guardians or trustees and take into account his or her mental and psychological condition, financial situation and other important reasons for reducing a person's legal age of consent to marriage .	在决定降低准许结婚的合法年龄时，法院必须听取未成年子女的父母、监护人或受托人的意见，并考虑他 她的精神和心理状态、经济状况以及降低一个人同意结婚的合法年龄的其他重要因素。
thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen .	女士们先生们，非常感谢
in addition, unctad - in collaboration with the united nations office of the high representative for the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing states and the world bank - organized a high-level investment forum on 1 october 2008 in new york .	此外，贸发会议与联合国最不发达国家、内陆发展中国家和小岛屿发展中国家高级代表办事处和世界银行合作，于2008年10月1日在纽约举办了一次高级别投资论坛。
oh, ralphie, you've made me well .	哦，拉尔菲，你真让我感到骄傲
well, whatever .	随便吧
on 16 january 2003, the hjpc appointed eight members to the criminal division of the state court and a chief prosecutor and three assistants to the prosecutor's office of bosnia and herzegovina .	2003年1月16日，高级司法和检察委员会任命8人担任国家法院刑事司的职位，并任命了一名首席检察官及波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那检察官办公室的三名助手。
- get in the boat, rose .	上船，露丝
it should enable management to monitor and identify bottlenecks and inefficiencies in the workflow process and take the necessary corrective measures .	它应使管理部门得以监测和查明工作流程进程的各种障碍和缺陷，并采取必要的纠正措施。
we are convinced that it is only through dialogue that a just and lasting solution to that conflict can be found .	我们相信，只有通过对话，才能找到公正和持久解决冲突的办法。
hey, are you crazy ?	嗨 你疯了吗？
cameroon wishes to tell the special representative of the secretary-general how very much we appreciate the exceptional work accomplished in such a brief period of time .	喀麦隆希望告诉秘书长的特别代表，我们是多么赞赏在如此短暂的时间内所完成的杰出工作。
reaffirming the resolve expressed in the united nations millennium declaration to ensure that globalization becomes a positive force for the people of the entire world,	重申《联合国千年宣言》 中表示决心确保全球化成为一股有利于全世界所有人民的积极力量，
namibia	纳米比亚
roger wanted to sell you as a whore .	罗杰想把你拐卖了
yeah, the sweat falls down like pouring	一身汗 就是嘛
i'm afraid you'll have to back it up a step or two .	我真感动 但你们恐怕要后退一段距离
executive bodies and local self-government, and their officials and staff, while fulfilling the control function of observing human rights and citizens' freedoms and legislative compliance, give due attention to the real protection of constitutional rights and freedoms of citizens in cases where they have been violated .	7. 行政机构和地方自治政府的官员和工作人员，在履行遵守人权和公民自由的管理职能以及遵守法律的同时，当公民的宪法权利和自由受到侵犯时，认真注意切实保护公民的这些权利和自由。
she jumped from her chopper before it crashed . she says that the boat that she took off from is about 80 miles off the coast and that if she can find a way	你应该留下，这样才公平 因为她...
get some rest .	得到一些休息。
it stressed the importance of ensuring that concluding observations adopted by the treaty bodies were sufficiently concrete, and of using appropriate indicators to measure progress in implementation .	它强调必须确保各条约机构通过的结论性意见足够具体，并使用适当的指标衡量在执行方面取得的进展。
it was suggested that a reference could be added to the need for the insolvency representative to be a fit and proper person and the fact that it performed different fiduciary roles .	有人提议添加一句，指出破产代表必须是“适当和合适”的人选，而且其履行不同的受托职责。
at its 1039th meeting, held on 17 march 1994, the committee decided to postpone to a later session further consideration of proposals to amend its rules of procedure .	委员会在1994年3月17日举行的第1039次会议上决定在后来的一届会议上进一步审议关于修订议事规则的建议。
a first part of the session 1st meeting, 22 february and 2nd meeting, 31 march	(a) 会议第一部分:2月22日 第1次会议;3月31日 第2次会议;
down, down .	放低 低
never marry, my friend, that is my advice to you .	永远不要结婚 朋友 这是我对你的忠告
state party's observations on the admissibility and the merits	缔约国关于可否受理和案情的意见
just come out, evie .	出来啊 Evie.
the escap secretariat has continued to disseminate statistical information mainly through its recurrent publications .	亚太经社会秘书处继续主要是通过其经常出版物传播统计信息。
in mid-2007, cyprus qualified for eurozone membership by meeting the stringent maastricht criteria, intended to ensure that new entrants would behave responsibly and flourish in the secure environment provided by the currency union . in the months leading up to the decision, the imf urged cyprus to take all necessary steps to ensure a favorable outcome .	2007年年中，塞浦路斯因满足了严苛的马斯特里赫特标准而进入了欧元区 该标准旨在确保新成员行为负责并在货币联盟提供的安全环境中实现繁荣。在接受塞浦路斯决定作出前的几个月中，IMF敦促塞浦路斯采取一切手段确保有利结果。
many speakers emphasized that globalization and increased international trade were factors facilitating the illicit activities of transnational organized criminal groups and that, in response, the international community must combine its efforts to combat such illicit activities .	58. 许多发言者强调指出，全球化和不断增加的国际贸易是助长跨国有组织犯罪集团进行非法活动的因素，并指出国际社会对此必须共同努力打击这类非法活动。
previous reforms	此前已实行的改革
it is equally urgent for us to move quickly to put an end to prejudice and eradicate intolerance, building bridges of understanding and cooperation .	对我们来说，迅速采取行动，取消偏见和消除不容忍，建立谅解与合作的桥梁，是同样紧迫的。
i need to cheque your body, to see if you're right for the job .	我要检查你的身体 看看适不适合
you should be dressed up, going out with boys .	你该打扮得漂漂亮亮的 跟男孩出去
well, i already made a deal with mitsutomo .	我已经和日本人达成协议
the new global evaluation committee adopted a plan of action to strengthen the evaluation function throughout unicef .	新的全球评价委员会通过了一项行动计划，以加强整个儿童基金会的评价作用。
the international component must focus on the interests of working people in all countries, in addition to the current emphasis on the priorities of global corporations .	其国际部分除了目前对全球性企业优先事项的强调之外，还必须重点关注所有国家劳动人民的利益。
i'll be glad when the wives get home and things settle down .	现在还要拖他出去 很高兴见到太太们回家时 一切安然无事
co-funded by unicef, wfp and unhcr	20当地雇员
that is a fundamental precondition for national reconciliation and a determining factor in the period after the identification of the future status of kosovo .	这是民族和解的根本先决条件，也是在确定科索沃未来地位之后期间的一个决定性因素。
we should not fail them .	我们一定要尽到对它们的义务。
women enjoy preferential treatment in receiving poverty-alleviation grants . the chinese government also issues small loans specially designed for women .	在扶贫款中采取妇女优先的原则，还专门开展针对妇女的小额贷款。
in his view, a just solution to the problem of palestine refugees, guaranteeing their rights in the context of a definitive and comprehensive settlement, was an indispensable condition for the establishment of general peace and stability in the region .	发言者认为，在彻底全面的解决方案的框架内保障巴勒斯坦难民的权利，公正地解决巴勒斯坦难民问题，是建立地区全面和平和稳定局面必不可少的条件。
development effectiveness activities - attribution of costs	B. 发展效用活动 费用分配
let me have a go .	让我也看看
look, that was that chick's theory .	你看，这是那个小妞的理论。
children in the central african republic are given priority through various measures taken by the government .	十三) 国际刑事法院《关于为成员提供特权和豁免权的协定的附加议定书》，2008年7月3日批准；
the clearing-house mechanism on the convention website, on chemicals listed in annex iii, provides an opportunity to post additional information on national regulatory actions submitted by parties and also international peer reviewed evaluations such as those of who .	《公约》网页上关于附件三所列化学品的交换所机制使得缔约方可以张贴其提交的关于国家管制行动的额外资料 以及世卫组织等国际同行审查评估结果。
no matter how hard she tries .	不管她有多想
the funds held in the trust fund may be freely exchanged by the trustee into other currencies as may facilitate their administration and transfer .	21. 受托管理人可以将信托基金中的资金自由兑换为可推动其管理和转拨的其他货币。
i mean, there's a pretty good chance one day i'll wash up on shore with no fingerprints or teeth, but i won't be fired .	我是说 即便有可能某天我会漂上海岸 牙齿被拔光 指纹被抹掉 但我绝不会被炒
you want the car . . . that ronnie pettersson drives, don't you ?	你想要Ronnie Pettersson开的那辆车是吗
i shall only give some examples of issues and questions that need to be answered, and i turn first to the sector of chemical weapons .	我只想举一些例子来说明有必要解答的各种问题。 首先，我要谈化学武器方面。
release data from other countries are not yet available .	其他国家的释放数据暂缺。
did you hear that, honey ?	你听见了吗，宝贝？
with the implementation of the integrated management information system imis in bonn, services previously provided by the united nations office at geneva unog have been taken over by this programme, necessitating a review of the current structure with a view to improving lead-time for service delivery .	随着在波恩采用综合管理信息系统，先前由联合国日内瓦办事处提供的各项服务已由该方案提供，因此需要审查现行结构，以便缩短提供服务的准备时间。
reaffirming the need for continued actions at the international level to support national efforts to achieve the millennium development goals by the year 2015, in particular universal access to basic education for all, including human rights education, and for human rights education as a means of empowering groups suffering discrimination, particularly women and the poor,	重申必须在国际一级继续采取行动，支持各国努力到2015年实现《千年发展目标》，特别是人人普遍接受基本教育，包括人权教育，必须使人权教育成为增强受歧视群体特别是妇女和穷人能力的手段，
most ongoing projects in india were nearing completion and there was an urgent need to formulate new projects suited to the requirements of industries in the current more competitive global context .	目前在印度进行的大多数项目都接近完成，迫切需要制订在当前更具竞争性的全球环境中适合各行业要求的新的项目。
- good to go .	- 可以出发了
that's a beautiful little gun .	看一下，这是把漂亮的小型手枪
don't bullshit me, you idiot .	- 别跟我胡扯 你这白痴
this time,i'm the fuckin' asshole .	这个时候，我 该死的混蛋。
chairman mr . politi italy	主席： 波利蒂先生 （意大利）
proposals related to these matters are contained in the note by the secretariat on the draft elements for the terms of reference of a mechanism for reviewing the implementation of the united nations convention against corruption cac cosp wg .1 2008 6, paras .	与这些事项有关的建议载于秘书处的说明：联合国反腐败公约实施情况审查机制职权范围要点草案（CAC COSP WG.1 2008 6，第69-84段）。
emphasizing the need to strengthen the ability of competent international organizations to contribute, at the global, regional, subregional and bilateral levels, through cooperation programmes with governments, to the development of national capacity in marine science and the sustainable management of the oceans and their resources,	强调必须加强主管国际组织的能力，在全球、区域、次区域和双边各级，通过与各国政府的合作方案，协助发展海洋科学以及海洋及其资源的可持续管理方面的国家能力，
that and the fear of losing my job .	还有丢掉饭碗的顾虑
kabor , r . b . histoire politique du burkina faso 1919-2000 .	KABORE，R.B.《1919-2000年布基纳法索政治史》。
those who are merely perpetrators of sedition shall be sentenced to six months to two years' imprisonment .	对于那些仅仅是犯有暴乱罪者，应该判处6个月至2年徒刑。”
singapore continues to believe that there should be an expansion of the security council to better reflect contemporary geopolitical realities .	新加坡仍然认为，安全理事会应该扩大，以便更好地反映当今地理政治现实。
surveying organizations companies, such as european, middle eastern and asian banks with offices in new york, that require these specific skills high-level grammar and writing skills and computer literacy, etc . may have led the working group to a different conclusion .	对其它组织进行调查，例如在纽约设有办事处的欧洲、中东和亚洲银行，它们需要这些特殊技能，即高水平的语法和写作技巧和计算机知识等，可能会使工作组得出不同的结论。
no . it's not that .	不是的，我不是说过吗？
there had been no agreement on either proposal, and the committee had therefore decided to consider the question further at its next session in the light of any decisions by or guidance from the general assembly .	但都没有达成协议。 因此，委员会决定在其下一届会议上按照大会作出的任何决定或指示进一步审议基期问题。
had the united states government allowed the united nations to act in accordance with the charter, the iraqi people would not have been invaded so that they could be robbed of their petroleum, the palestinian people would exercise sovereignty over their territory and cuba would not continue to be blockaded .	如果美国政府允许联合国依《宪章》行事，伊拉克人民就不会遭受侵略，他们的石油就不会遭抢劫；巴勒斯坦人民就能够对其领土行使主权；古巴就不会继续遭受封锁。
term of office expires on the last day prior to the beginning of the forty-third session of the commission in 2010 .	2010年委员会第四十三届会议开始的前一日任满。
secondly, we need to benefit from the vast experience that has been acquired on the regional and national levels .	第二，我们必须善于利用在区域和国家各级取得的丰富经验。
the council recognizes the role played by international humanitarian organizations and non-governmental organizations in providing humanitarian assistance and alleviating the impact of humanitarian crises, and further recognizes the specific mandate of the international committee of the red cross in this regard .	“全理会确认国际人道主义组织和非政府组织在提供人道主义援助和减轻人道主义危机的影响方面发挥的作用 还确认红十字国际委员会在这方面的具体任务。
i think we're all a little bit confused .	我想我们都 有点困惑。
reiterating its serious concern regarding the continuation of hostilities by militias and foreign armed groups in the eastern part of the democratic republic of the congo, and at the threat they pose to the holding of elections,	重申严重关切民兵和外国武装团体继续在刚果民主共和国东部采取敌对行动，威胁到选举的举行，
the meeting rose at 1 .10 p .m .	下午1时10分散会。
the graph below illustrates what percentage of total humanitarian assistance is represented by programmes funded through the consolidated appeals process .	下图表示联合呼吁程序资助的方案在人道主义援助总额中占的百分比。
i'm sorry, violet, i can't hear a thing . i'm driving next to a train !	抱歉，维奥莱特，我什么都听不清 我正和火车并肩而行！
further development of goos-ios will be facilitated by the development of the new joint wmo ioc technical commission for oceanography and marine meteorology, merging previous bodies dealing with oceanography and marine meteorology, which will hold its first intergovernmental meeting in iceland in june 2001 .	该系统的进一步发展还将因新设立的气象组织和海洋学委员会海洋学及海洋气象学联合技术委员会的发展而得到促进，该联合技术委员会合并了以前处理海洋学及海洋气象学问题的不同机构，并将于2001年6月在冰岛举行其首次政府间会议。
the international community has long recognised that nuclear weapons pose the greatest danger to humankind and therefore, it is essential for it to take urgent steps towards realisation of the goal of their complete elimination .	1. 国际社会长期以来一直承认核武器是对人类的最大威胁，因此，至关重要的是，国际社会采取紧急步骤，实现彻底消除核武器的目标。
in the absence of an agreement or arrangement as set forth in paragraph 2 of this article, decisions to use such special investigative techniques at the international level shall be taken on a case-by-case basis and, when necessary, shall take into consideration the necessity to respect the jurisdiction of the state party concerned and its financial arrangements .	3. 在无本条第2款所述协定或安排的情况下，关于在国际一级使用这种特 殊侦查手段的决定，将在个案基础上作出，而且必要时将考虑到尊重有关缔约国 的管辖权的必要性和所涉财务问题。
and you chose mercy .	而你选择了仁慈.
unlike previous legislation, the economic incentives law does not contain a sunset clause .	新的刺激经济法不同于先前的立法，没有日落条款。
you don't walk away from that kind of opportunity, that kind of money !	那种机会 那钱 是没法抛弃的啊!
while the special rapporteur fully supports the involvement of local and national organizations in programmes financed and implemented by international partners, she was able to detect a certain rivalry between the so-called more intellectual women's organizations and the grass-roots activist groups .	68. 特别报告员完全支持地方的和国家性组织参与国际伙伴资助和执行的项目，但她也注意到在所谓更“知识化”的妇女组织与基层积极分子团体之间有一种竞争。
the adoption of a human rights-based approach by united nations specialized agencies, programmes and bodies will greatly facilitate implementation of the right to health .	联合国各专门机构、方案和组织，采取以人权为基础的方针，将大大有利于健康权的落实。
unfpa has been supporting such programmes in bolivia, guatemala, mexico and peru .	人口基金一直在玻利维亚、危地马拉、墨西哥和秘鲁支助这样的方案。
ibid ., annex i .	同上，附件一。
we are pleased to note that the technique of compromise is playing a positive role in resolving disagreements on such a key issue for the world as the settlement of the problem of iraq .	我们高兴地注意到，在象解决伊拉克问题这样关键的世界问题上，妥协技巧正在解决分歧方面发挥正面作用。
the executive board	执行局
the committee also recommends that the state party effectively implement and conclude bilateral agreements for reciprocal enforcement of maintenance orders and reconsider establishing a fund to provide support to parents waiting for the decision regarding the maintenance of their child .	委员会并建议缔约国有效实施并缔结对等履行法院赡养费判决的双方协议，并考虑为等待有关子女赡养费的决定的父母设立一个资助基金。
we note that a commission of inquiry has been established with regard to the death under unclear circumstances of a hamas member in palestinian authority custody .	我们注意到，针对巴勒斯坦权力机构羁押的一名哈马斯成员在不明情况下死亡的事件设立了一个调查委员会。
you go ahead now .	-好 -开始吧
h . son preference 70 - 81 22	H. 重男轻女……………. 70 - 81 24
in that connection, we are eager to receive the operationalized benchmarks and work plan, which will lay out the concrete tasks to be achieved over the coming months .	这方面，我们急于获得已投入实施的准则和工作方案，它将规定在未来的数月须完成的具体任务。
how bad did they get hit ?	他们遭受了几级地震? How bad did they get hit?
original english 12 june 2003	[2003年6月12日]
the united nations environment programme unep noted that the same format of the previous dialogues should be followed for the next dialogue, with plenary debate, ministerial round tables and informal panels, to include representatives of civil society .	31. 联合国环境规划署（环境规划署）指出，下一次对话应该遵照与以前对话相同的格式，有全会辩论、部长圆桌会议和非正式小组会议，包括民间社会的代表。
the purpose of the project is to assist the committee on the rights of the child, which monitors the convention on the rights of the child, in developing the disability dimension of its monitoring .	18. 本项目的目的旨在协助负责监测《儿童权利公约》的儿童权利委员会制定其监测活动中涉及残疾人方面的内容。
you know, this creature that he created, this is his legacy .	你知道，你已经创建了这种生物，这是他的遗产。
complete mess .	惨不忍睹
how do we know she's not dead already ?	我們怎麼知道她還沒死？
the member states, which had originally requested the reform proposals and had set the timetable for their implementation, had a fundamental obligation to ensure that the new system went into operation in january 2009 .	87. 会员国最初要求拿出改革建议并为建议的执行确定了时间表，对确保新的系统于2009年1月运转负有根本义务。
it's almost there .	这是几乎没有。
not everyone is happy with this news . politicians likejacques chirac in france, silvio berlusconi in italy, and ecofin the finance ministers of the european union’s member states continue to press for fixed, even lower, interest rates .	不是所有人都为此感到高兴。像法国的希拉克、意大利的贝卢斯科尼和欧盟成员国财政部长这样的政客就继续要求保持固定、甚至是更低的利率水平。
ii use of nuclear power sources in outer space	在外层空间使用核动力源；
uh, cat's in the bag, and the bag's almost in the river !	人贓並獲了 你們再不來我就犧牲了
the chairperson, speaking as a member of the committee, noted that in many cases, indigenous people's traditional lands were being exploited by miners from outside the area and that that was not only affecting their livelihoods, but also resulting in violence against indigenous people .	19. 主席以委员会成员的身份发言，她指出，在许多情况下，土著人民的传统用地受到外来采矿者的剥削，这不仅影响到他们的生计，也导致暴力侵害土著人民的现象。
it recalls that the absence of any right of review in a higher court of a sentence handed down by an appeal court, where the person was found not guilty by a lower court, is a violation of article 14, paragraph 5, of the covenant .	它回顾说，在某人被较低一级法院裁定无罪的情况下，不能享有任何由较高一级法院对上诉法庭的判决进行复审的权利的情况，即违反《公约》第十四条第5款。
come off it . you're hot one minute, cold the next . . .	你忽冷忽热
the panel has obtained copies of raceview invoices to zdf dated 6 july 2001 for deliveries worth 3 .5 million of camouflage cloth, batteries, fuels and lubricating oil, boots and rations .	小组掌握了2001年7月6日Raceview Enterprises公司向津巴布韦国防军提供价值达350万美元的迷彩服、电池、燃料和润滑油、靴子和口粮的发票。
it's not too late .	可机会还是有的呀。
within the framework of the sharing equality project, the ministry had developed a gender-based teaching approach, which proceeded from the premise that gender roles were in constant evolution and were the product of a historical process influenced by social and cultural factors .	在“分享平等”项目的框架内，该部制定了基于性别的教学方法，其前提在于，性别角色处于不断的演变之中，这些角色是受到社会、文化因素影响的历史进程的产物。
- i told you . no risks tonight .	-我说过了，今晚不冒险
in that regard, the committee could not reach a consensus on adoption rates for four nominations .	在此问题上，委员会无法就此项提名的采用率达成共识。
what's in jacksonville ?	去杰克逊维尔干什么？
at the prentiss factory, the paymaster's office . . . is just across the yard from the employees'gate .	普轮蒂斯工厂的发薪人员 办公室... 距离工厂大门只隔一个院子
are you all right ?	你没事吧？
the convention entered into force on 29 september 2003, the trafficking in persons protocol on 25 december 2003 and the migrants protocol on 28 january 2004 .	公约于2003年9月29日生效，人口贩运议定书于2003年12月25日生效，移民议定书于2004年1月28日生效。
hey, you usher, can l talk to you a second ?	喂，带位的。 过来一下。
the meeting was suspended at 1 p .m .	下午1时暂停会议。
robert, what was i wearing at your parents' anniversary ?	罗勃特 那天我穿的是什么?
my readers want to know why zorin is pumping sea water into his pipeline instead of pumping oil out .	为何佐伦把海水 抽进到他的管子里... 而不是把石油抽出？
mr . scherba ukraine first of all, i would like to extend my warmest congratulations to you, mr . chairman, on your assumption of the chairmanship of this committee, within this very important forum .	舍巴先生（乌克兰）（以英语发言）：主席先生，我首先最热烈祝贺你当选这一非常重要论坛第一委员会的主席。
thirty-first session 6-23 july 2004	（2004年7月6日至23日）
government investors are not necessarily driven by the return-maximizing calculus that motivates private investors . if foreign official demand is the real reason behind the euro’s strength, the risk is that foreign sovereign euro buyers will eventually flee, just as private investors would, only in a faster and more concentrated way .	第三，外国央行和主权财富基金可能乐于继续购买欧元，以对冲美元和自身经济的风险。政府投资者与私人投资者不同，并不一定按最大回报的标准投资。如果外国官方需求才是欧元强势背后的真正原因，那么欧元所面临的风险就是外国主权买家的最终逃离 与私人投资者不会有什么两样，只是更快更集中。
- oh, it's so beautiful .	-哦 太美了
solomon islands sol 03 ah 03 strengthening national institutional capacities in the solomon islands	所罗门群岛(SOL 03 AH 03)：提高所罗门群岛国家体制能力
- rami mahmud shakir al-tantawi 7 years' imprisonment	- Rami Mahmud Shakir Al-Tantawi - 7年半监禁；
awareness promotion will be the major activity .	提高认识将成为主要活动。
the first was the emergency stage, which had been characterized by a mass arrival of guatemalans seeking asylum between 1981 and 1984 .	第一个是紧急阶段，其特点为1981到1984年间寻求庇护的危地马拉人大批抵达墨西哥。
- are they a pair or would you consider selling' 'em separate ?	她们是一起的吗？ 还是你可以考虑卖其中一个？
- get them inside .	把他们带进去
well, stiff or not, you laid it on the line .	但你有自己的实力
http www .nyse .com pdfs corp recommendations nyse .pdf	27 http: www.nyse.com pdfs corp recommendations nyse.pdf。
i've brought you a present .	我给带来了礼物这是我们的周年纪念
but when i heard the children were in danger, i had to .	但我听到孩子们遇难了，就义不容辞了
good .	好。
merry christmas to you, father .	圣诞快乐，神父
get it off !	扯掉它I
the european union would issue an appeal to the sudanese government and to splm a rapidly to implement the agreement in full and reiterates its support for the international efforts to consolidate the agreement in close coordination with the united nations, the african union and igad .	欧洲联盟将向苏丹政府和苏丹人民解放运动 解放军发出呼吁，要求它们迅速全面执行此项决定，重申支持国际上密切协同联合国、非洲联盟和伊加特为巩固此项协定所作的努力。
- he really liked me ?	- 他真的喜欢我？
the truth is i'm a bit tired .	实际上是我有点累了
five posts 2 p-3, 2 p-2, and 1 general service other level are proposed as replacements given the overall requirements under this subprogramme in support of the strengthened focus on inspection and evaluation see a 60 901, paras .	考虑到本次级方案下总的所需经费情况，提议补充五个员额（2个P-3，2个P-2和一个一般事务人员（其他职等）），以支助得到加强的检查和评价职能（见A 60 901，第65至78段）。
fifty-eighth session	第五十八届会议
because he was a really good kisser .	因為他真的是個接吻高手
the court held that the right to equal pay is infringed by a department store company which excludes part-time workers from its occupational pension scheme, where that exclusion affects a far greater number of women than men, unless the undertaking shows that the exclusion is based on objectively justified factors unrelated to any discrimination on grounds of sex .	法院裁定，“百货商店公司将非全时工作排除在公司职业养老金方案之外，受这一做法影响的妇女要比男子多得多。 据此，该公司侵犯了领取同等报酬权利，除非该企业证明，这一做法基于与任何基于性别的歧视无关的有客观依据的因素。
unep ozl .pro .wg .1 27 6	UNEP OzL.Pro.WG.1 27 INF 2号文件。
to heal and cold ?	-他能醒过来吗
j freezing' or seizure' shall mean temporarily prohibiting the transfer, conversion, disposition or movement of property or temporarily assuming custody or control of property on the basis of an order issued by a court or other competent authority	“(j) 冻结'或 扣押'系指根据法院或其他主管当局的命令暂时禁止财产转移、转换、处置或移动或对之实行暂时性扣留或控制；
uh . . . is that a good thing, or . . .	嗯，这是一个很好的事情，还是？
- if you only knew . what did i tell you ?	我早告诉你
on mr . salama's commentary on the definition, the chairperson stated that it resonated with the discussions that took place in the sub-commission during the years that she was preparing her study on terrorism and human rights .	关于萨拉马先生就定义所作的评注，主席先生说在对于她在编纂其有关恐怖主义与人权之间问题的研究报告这几年期间，小组委员会中展开的讨论中引起了共鸣。
if we make them go, they'll attack .	如果我们不同意的话 人类估计会打上来
w-we destroyed all the research right before andrew disappeared .	我... 我们把所有研究资料都销毁之后 W... we destroyed all the research
look at him, all dressed up in his sunday vest .	看看他，还穿着周末休闲马甲
for women, institutional biases in social protection systems, in particular those based on uninterrupted work histories, contribute further to the feminization of poverty .	47. 对妇女来说，社会保护制度中的体制偏见、尤其是那些以连续工作年限为基础的社会保护制度，进一步加剧了贫穷妇女人数日增的现象。
noting the approval by the cayman islands legislative assembly of the territory's vision 2008 development plan, which aims to promote development that is consistent with the aims and values of caymanian society,	注意到开曼群岛立法议会核准了领土的《展望2008年发展计划》，该计划旨在以符合开曼社会的目标和价值观的方式促进发展，
it's impossible to discuss without a common frame of reference .	- 在没有参照物的情况下我们无法讨论
- the mutual cooperation agreement between the ministry of agriculture and livestock and the secretariat for women is currently in process of renewal the new agreement provides for the mainstreaming of gender and the environment .	目前正在更新农业和牧业部和妇女办公室之间的合作协议。 在新协议中，计划全面落实性别观点和环境观念。
my country's delegation welcomes the agency's efforts on the african continent .	我国代表团欢迎原子能机构在非洲大陆的努力。
-no reason .	-为什么这么问？ -没事。
it's disgraceful, it's disgusting !	太可耻了 太恶心了
model provision 15 . comparison and evaluation of proposals	示范条文第15条. 投标书的比较和评价
tell you what else .	告诉你们吧 这个古老的储藏室
e the chief of the fuel cell in unmis was the only staff member in khartoum with the technical knowledge and institutional memory on fuel operations in the mission .	(e) 联苏特派团燃料小组组长是在喀土穆的唯一一个具备特派团燃料业务技术知识和机构记忆的工作人员。
salary advances may be made to staff members appointed under these rules	按本《细则》任用的工作人员在下列情况下可以预支薪金:
reflections on the session of the working group	关于工作组会议的思考
overall, the delegations said that the reports did not provide sufficient evidence on the results achieved .	276. 总之，各代表团说，这些报道没有提供充分的证据表明所取得的成果。
- oh, yeah ?	哦，是吗？
you call lieutenant hendrix . 16th precinct . go on .	你打个电话给Lieutenant Hendrix
a team of students and young professionals from sgac have been discussing the real risks posed to humanity should a possible collision occur and looking at methods of prevention and deflection .	4. 航天新一代咨询理事会的学生和青年专业人员小组一直在讨论在发生碰撞时人类面临的真正风险，并寻求各种防止和偏转的方法。
chairman of the group of 77 and china at the united nations 2003 .	联合国教育、科学及文化组织（教科文组织）世界科学知识与技术伦理委员会成员（2002年起）。
i'ii take care of you now .	爸！ 我会照料你的
peru was highly vulnerable to natural disasters and, in particular, to global warming .	73. 秘鲁非常容易受到自然灾害，特别是全球变暖影响。
the advisory committee on administrative and budgetary questions has considered the controller's letter of 7 december 1999, requesting the concurrence of the committee to enter into commitments in an amount not exceeding 5,274,800 gross 4,875,100 net in connection with the cost of the liquidation of monua .	行政和预算问题咨询委员会审议了财务主任1999年12月7日的信，其中要求委员会同意承付不超过毛额5 274 800美元（净额4 875 100美元）的款项，用于支付联安观察团清理结束工作的费用。
don't steal things .	不要偷东西
10 august 2005	2005年8月10日
a portable tank .	便携式罐体。
- in 2000, the act of the republic of uzbekistan on the war against terrorism was adopted . it provides for measures and powers to counter the forces of international terrorism	- 2000年，通过了乌兹别克斯坦共和国关于打击恐怖主义战争的法案，其中规定打击国际恐怖主义力量的措施和权力；
can i offer you something cool ?	我可以给你一些很酷的东西？
ever since i have seen you	从我见到你的那一刹那起
what happened with wyatt and goddard ?	Wyatt 和 Goddard间发生了什么事?
i wish to assure them that the international community is fully aware of the immense sacrifices they are making in an effort to better the lives of many suffering people in somalia .	我向他们保证，国际社会充分了解他们为努力改善索马里众多受苦受难的人民的生活而做出的巨大牺牲。
but then be fast .	但是得快点
national human rights commission	全国人权委员会
welcomes the signing of the treaty on a nuclear-weapon-free zone in central asia in semipalatinsk, kazakhstan, on 8 september 2006	1. 欢迎2006年9月8日《中亚无核武器区条约》在哈萨克斯坦塞米巴拉金斯克签署；
for pecb formed as a by-product in combustion processes, there is a clear relation to hcb and pcdd f emissions formed by combustion .	由于五氯苯是燃烧过程中的一种副产品，因此它与燃烧形成的六氯苯和多氯二苯并对二恶英和多氯二苯并呋喃排放物存在直接的关系。
the advisory committee therefore trusts that, following the submission of the aforementioned report of the secretary-general, and once an on-site visit has been carried out, the planning assumptions for the support office will be further refined and reported to the general assembly in the context of a future submission .	因此，咨询委员会相信，在提出上述秘书长的报告和一旦进行现场访问后，支助办事处的规划假设将得到进一步完善，并在今后的报告中向大会说明。
how did you know ?	那你怎么知道?
in here .	进去 快
a second approach is to refer to the law applicable to security rights in assets of the same type as the proceeds .	54. 第二种办法是由作为收益的同样类型资产上的担保权的准据法处理。
however, the first-reading draft articles did not contain a general saving clause in order to exclude from their scope matters related to responsibility of international organizations .	但一读的条款草案不包括一个一般性保障条款，以排除有关国际组织责任的事项。
they will continue to seek it beyond these walls, outside of this hall .	它们将继续在大会堂以外寻求这一权利。
telephone ringing customer service, this is neal, how can i help you ?	客户服务， 这是尼尔， 我怎么能帮助你吗？
crc c eth co 3, para .	CRC C ETH CO 3 para. 14.
i should head back, peach is waiting for me .	我该回去工作了 桃子还在店里等我
on finding a defendant guilty, they must impose reform or educational measures on him or her in the light of the social investigative report .	在认定被告人有罪后，法官要根据社会调查报告对被告人进行感化、教育。
140 . type this, let me know where you land .	开始打 每句结束告诉我还剩多少
i'm gonna talk to rachel .	我要去跟Rachel谈谈
the temple of preah vihear case was recalled in this connection .	在这方面回顾了《帕威夏庙案》。
please ! no one is ever going to buy one of these .	没有人会买这个产品的 No one is ever going to buy one of these.
compared to any other war, the shit we do here is pretty clean .	比其他任何战争， 我们在这 做狗屎 很干净。
we'll have a lunch and again tonight, fireworks, cocktails, a magnificent dinner !	我們要慶祝一整天 放焰火 喝雞尾酒 還有豪華的晚宴!
section 31 construction, alteration, improvement and major maintenance	建筑、改建、装修和主要维修
the mission noted the importance of continuous monitoring and evaluation in order to document the performance and impact of hdi projects .	21. 评估团注意到不断进行监测和评价以记录人类发展倡议项目的绩效和影响至关重要。
adoption of the agenda	通过议程
and the inhabitants of pancevo ?	那潘切沃的居民呢？
norway	挪威
chief minister orlando smith, 3rd annual state of the territory address, 21 june 2006 see http dpu .gov .vg information transmitted by the administering power, 8 january 2007 .	首席部长奥兰多 史密斯，英帝国勋章获得者，第三次领土状况咨文，2006年6月21日（见http: dpu.gov.vg）；管理国递送的材料，2007年1月8日。
at its 1st meeting, on 1 may, the attention of the committee was drawn to the note by the secretariat e ac .51 2007 l .2 , with the information that there were currently no reports of the joint inspection unit available for consideration by the committee .	3. 在5月1日第1次会议上，委员会被提请注意秘书处的说明（E AC.51 2007 L.2），该说明称目前没有联合检查组的报告可供委员会审议。
my sexual problem !	我的性问题！
l know .	我知道
indeed, in the wake of the atambua incident, in particular the departure of unhcr from west timor, tni and unpkf unmo officers in the border area have worked closely to facilitate the spontaneous return of east timorese refugees from west timor to east timor .	在阿坦布阿事件后，特别是在难民专员办事处撤出西帝汶后，印尼武装部队和维持和平部队军官 联合国军事观察员在边界地区合作很密切，协助东帝汶难民自动自发地从西帝汶回到东帝汶。
my last hit . my last hit .	我最后一击。 我最后一击。
to leave now would be irresponsible . if you'll let me finish-	现在离开是不负责任的。
financing of the united nations observer mission in georgia	61 283. 联合国格鲁吉亚观察团经费的筹措
the actions to be taken by the general assembly in connection with the financing of unficyp are	14. 大会就联塞部队经费筹措采取行动如下：
okay, so,what are you thinking ? i don't know .	那好 你有什么想法?
though not conclusive, that initiative clearly confirms that dialogue is the only way to solve differences in the country .	尽管还不确定，这一倡议却明确肯定对话是解决该国分歧的唯一途径。
- damn .	- 该死
sex education	B. 性 教 育
to our audience, we apologize . . .	观众们我们诚意的道歉...
summary statement	A. 总表
laughs	[笑]
a technical soundness	“(a) 技术健全性；
are you sure ?	你确定吗?
at the end of 2005, the balance of the trust fund was approximately 39,000 .	在2005年末，信托基金的余额约为39 000美元。
also stresses the need to treat all forms of violence against women and girls of all ages as a criminal offence punishable by law, including violence based on all forms of discrimination	4. 又强调需要将对各种年龄的妇女和女孩的一切形式的暴力行为，包括缘起于各种形式歧视的暴力行为视为可依法惩处的刑事犯罪；
provisional agenda	临时议程
and faux-nostalgia works even in serious subjects like war .	山寨怀旧还能用在很多严肃的主题上，比如说战争
fourth committee	第四委员会
so, what are you doing after graduation ?	那么，你毕业后准备干嘛？
fuck !	他妈的!
what's so funny ?	有什么好笑的
d preparation of a draft outline of the objectives, scope and attributes for an international technically based framework of goals and recommendations for the safety of planned and currently foreseeable space nps applications	(d) 为计划中和目前可预见的空间核动力源各项应用安全问题的目标和建议国际技术性框架拟定一个目标、范围和属性提纲草案；
the commission entrusted the working group with the preparation of uniform rules on the legal issues of digital signatures and certification authorities .	委员会责成工作组编拟关于数字签字和验证当局所涉法律问题的统一规则。
national interest enabling powers act cap .365 - dual-use items export control regulations, 2004 published as legal notice 416 of 2004 on 20 september 2004 .	2． 《国家利益（授权权力）法》（第365章） 2004年《双重用途物资（出口管制）条例》，经2004年9月20日第416号《法律通告》颁布。
the president the assembly will now hear an address by the president of the federal republic of yugoslavia .	主席(以英语发言)：大会现在将聆听南斯拉夫联盟共和国总统的讲话。
c implementation of the integrated management information system	(c) 实施综合管理信息系统；
how many ?	几个?"
the committee recommended that, in connection with preparations for the world conference on human rights in 1993, states parties should	这些形式的暴力置妇女的健康于危险之中，并损及她们平等地参与家庭生活及公共生活的能力。
rule 307 .1 official travel	细则307.1 公务差旅
welcoming the voluntary self-regulation initiatives for the diamond industry announced by the world diamond council, and recognizing that a system of such voluntary self-regulation will contribute, as described in the interlaken declaration of 5 november 2002 on the kimberley process certification scheme for rough diamonds, to ensuring the effectiveness of national systems of internal control for rough diamonds,	欢迎世界钻石理事会宣布的钻石业自愿自行监管的举措，并确认，如2002年11月5日《关于金伯利进程毛坯钻石证书制度的因特拉肯宣言》 所述，这种自愿自行监管制度将有助于确保各国关于毛坯钻石的内部管制制度行之有效，
i don't think you'll have the chance to spend the money, joe .	我怕你有钱没命花呀，阿祖
the office has also initiated projects on capacity enhancement and sharing of best practices in regions where hiv aids associated with injecting drug abuse is of relatively low importance .	23. 在与注射吸毒联系在一起的艾滋病毒 艾滋病较为次要的区域，毒品和犯罪问题办事处还首创了增强能力和共享最佳做法的项目。
okay .	好吧。
l inform donor agencies and governments of the implementation of projects and create a consolidated and strategic basis for national development frameworks that has human rights at its core leading to improved linkages between human rights and development	4. 司法和法律改革部 《宪法》第105条规定，最高法院、上诉法院、高等法院、其他初审法院、法庭或议会不时设立的此类机构是保护和强制执行人民权利的司法行政机构。
- we make a difference !	- 我们立功了！
it was so decided .	29. 就这样决定。
- i appreciate what you were trying to do .	I'm s - - I appreciate what you were trying to do.
- let's continue . . . 17 . . . 18	- 真的？
so that when you come down off your tippy-toes the wire is gonna pull the trigger .	只要你将脚跟放下 电线会拉动板机
we believe that the united nations will continue to play a leading role in this process, working with the entire international community .	我们认为，联合国将与整个国际社会合作，在这个进程中继续发挥主导作用。
i apologize and surrender unconditionally .	我向你道歉，而且无条件投降
a second prra decision was issued on 31 august 2005, again finding that the complainant was at risk of torture in india since he was suspected of being a senior member of bki .	2005年8月31日作出了第二次驱逐前风险评估决定，再次认定申诉人在印度有风险，因为他被怀疑是BKI的一名高级成员。
it was also intended to sabotage the internal lebanese democratic political dialogue, whose objectives include fulfilling resolution 1559 2004 .	其意图还在于破坏黎巴嫩内部民主政治对话，而该对话的目标包括执行第1559（2004）号决议。
let's just leave him here .	把他扔这吧
the relationship between the scientific and decision-making communities are complex, and the institutional architecture of an assessment affects the way in which the two interact .	科学部门与决策部门之间的关系十分复杂，而且评估工作的体制构架可影响到这两个部门相互作用的方式。
okay .	还好。
the russian news centre, another important initiative of the department, was gaining in popularity among russian users .	俄语的新闻中心在俄罗斯用户中间的支持率正在上升，它是新闻部在此方面的又一大重要举措。
these incidents followed the killing by israeli occupying forces on friday, 24 august 2007, of mahmoud al-qirnawi, a 13-year-old boy from the israeli town of rahat who was visiting his mother's family in the occupied west bank town of tulkarem .	在此之前，2007年8月24日，星期五，以色列占领军枪杀了来自以色列拉巴特镇的13岁男孩Mahmoud Al-Qirnawi，当时他正在被占领的西岸图勒卡尔姆镇探访其母亲的家人。
it had considered introducing into the public service a system that would ensure and monitor respect for equality between men and women .	应考虑开始在公务员中实行一项制度，以确保尊重男女平等，并对其进行监测。
after steve sees my directing talent . . .	史提夫看过我的导演功力后
accession to this convention by countries producing anti-personnel mines is necessary for its universal implementation .	生产杀伤人员地雷的国家加入这项公约，对于该公约的普遍执行很有必要。
- yes, i'm here, yeah .	- 在，我还在
- when did he say that ?	- 他什么时候说的呀
latin american integration association	拉丁美洲一体化协会
get rid of the messy animals .	世界五大洲...
ratched mr . taber . some of the chronics, and you .	塔波先生等等，再加上你
you bring the coffee .	你端咖啡吧
the health situation was also relatively good, with the exception of a meningitis outbreak, with 40 cases reported .	除了据报发生40起脑膜炎之外，健康状况也相对较好。
- is that part of being a rasta ?	- 无论是作为一个拉斯塔一部分？
annotated provisional agenda idb .30 1 add .1	临时议程说明（IDB.30 1 Add.1）
the preliminary draft convention on electronic contracting follows the general principle of freedom of form enshrined in the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods the united nations sales convention and extends it to all contracts falling within its sphere of application .	2. 电子订约公约草案初稿遵循了《联合国国际货物销售合同公约》（“联合国销售公约”）中所载的形式自由的一般原则，并将该原则扩大至适用于在其适用范围以内的所有合同。
fresh meat . what a change .	新鲜肉 大改观阿
standards of	行为标准
i'm not convinced it means what he says .	我不相信他说的
- hello	- 你好
1 b the above stated reply focused on the preventive mechanism which is an important aspect of fighting terrorism .	上述答复侧重于预防机制，这是打击恐怖主义的重要方面。
- ah .	你在做什么呀？
the commission also recalled the shanghai declaration, a landmark resolution adopted at the birthplace of the commission in shanghai, china, which outlines the overall vision for the commission in reducing poverty, managing globalization and addressing emerging social issues .	在回顾联合国《千年宣言》 和2005年世界首脑会议成果文件时， 委员会重申致力于加强联合国的权威、效率和能力，以在当今社会经济迅猛发展的时代有效应对各种挑战。 委员会还回顾了在其诞生地中国上海通过的《上海宣言》。
i don't really know her .	我其实不太认识她.
ii expected results	预期成果：
you see the kids ?	什么事? 你看到孩子了吗?
it's not always bad news, is it ?	它不都是坏消息 是吗?
however, they cannot participate in decision-making where an observer state wishes to attend informal consultations, which have traditionally been limited to parties, chairs or co-chairs may allow participation provided there are no objections by parties parties would need to take a decision on the matter after consultations with the bureau, if problems arise .	主席团还讨论了“参加”是否仅指出席，还是也包括具有发言权。 主席团没有足够时间解决这个问题，因此建议履行机构第二十四届会议在审查《公约》缔约方会议第十一届会议和《议定书》 《公约》缔约方会议第一届会议安排的过程中审议这个问题。
don't think they lighten the load !	你以为他们还减轻我们的负担了吗
- why don't you shut up ?	你为什么不闭嘴？
jailer !	狱长!
draft resolution submitted by the vice-chairman of the committee, ms . ulrika cronenberg-mossberg sweden , on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution a c .2 58 l .2	委员会副主席乌尔丽卡 克罗嫩贝里-莫斯贝里女士（瑞典）根据就决议草案A C.2 58 L.2进行的非正式协商提出的决议草案
based on the projected trial schedule, it is anticipated that first instance trials will be completed by the end of 2009 .	根据预计审判时间表，预期2009年底前完成一审。
so , what happened to the dinosaurs ?	那个怎么样了 和人很亲热的恐龙
hell no .	该死的，当然没有了
go further ahead .	筁
we simpatico ?	一言为定哦？
you come here	你过来
the interests sovereignty and territorial integrity of my country are directly affected . operative paragraphs 15 and 16 of draft resolution a 55 l .69, which relate to this problem, are again different in substance from the language adopted by the general assembly at the five previous sessions .	这是一个原则问题，它直接影响我国主权与领土完整涉及该问题的决议草案A 55 L.69执行部分第15段和16段，实质上与大会前五届会议所通过的措词也有区别。
h shipper means a person that enters into a contract of carriage with a carrier .	(h) “托运人”系指与承运人订立运输合同的人。
did you ever stop to notice	Did you ever stop to notice
i would like to assure you of the full support and cooperation of my delegation .	我愿向你保证我国代表团将予以充分支持与合作。
that creep called me muddy girl .	(那臭男人叫我 老泥妹 )
there is a huge expectation .	人们抱有很大的期待。
the same presentation was followed in the 2002-2003 financial statements, although such consolidation was no longer required since the implementation of imis had enabled itc to calculate the amounts due to or from the office at the transactional level .	2002-2003年财务报表继续采用同一列报办法，虽然不再需要这种合并列报的做法，因为综管系统的实施使贸易中心能够在会计事项一级计算办事处的应收应付账款。
if the chairperson and the vice-chairperson of the same branch are temporarily unable to fulfil the functions of their offices at the same time, the branch shall elect a chairperson for that branch ad interim having regard to section ii, paragraph 4 .	2. 如同一事务组的主席和副主席均暂时不能以各自的身份履行职务，该事务组应参照第二节第4段临时为该事务组选出一位主席。
so the interpretation of the fact that the most distant galaxies appear red is that the space in between them and us is stretched during the time it's taken the light to journey over that vast distance .	这就解释了为什么最远的星系显出红色 是因为在光线在射向地球的这段时间中 我们之间的距离被拉长了
the importance of this meeting is emphasized by the fact that it is being convened only a few days after the successful completion of the united nations conference on the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects, chaired in a professional and devoted way by ambassador camilo reyes of colombia .	在哥伦比亚的凯米罗 雷耶斯大使以专业和献身精神主持的联合国小武器和轻武器非法贸易各方面问题大会刚结束几天后，就召开了这次会议，这突出了这次会议的重要性。
note the methods in this table are those methods that provide an emission estimate before the application of a conservativeness factor described in section iii . d below .	注：本表所列方法是在应用下文第三.B节所述稳妥性系数之前提供排放量估计数的方法。
shannon, come on .	香儂 快點.
an exorcism was her only hope for a cure .	而驱魔是帮助她解脱的唯一希望
the screamers killed off most of us .	鬼鼠消减我们中大多数人
oh baby	...
recognizing also the importance of the transfer of technology to the developing countries and countries with economies in transition as an effective means of international cooperation in the pursuit of poverty eradication and sustainable development,	又认识到需要向发展中国家和经济转型期国家转让技术，这是国际合作以求消除贫穷和实现可持续发展的有效手段，
accordingly, we renew our call to the international community and our arab and african brothers to provide the necessary funding for these forces and increase the participation of the armies of the african arab states to the level required to enable the mission to continue .	因此，我们再次呼吁国际社会和我们的阿拉伯和非洲兄弟给他们提供必要的资助，提高非洲阿拉伯国家军队的参与程度，使他们能继续完成这一任务。
oh, good lord .	哦，好耶。
and the truth is this order must be protected .	真相就是这秩序必须被维护
come on, monkey, drop the gun .	把枪放下远离这里
it's not so much a problem .	不过也没关系
dr . lee, excuse me	李法医，麻烦你了
is it a link to oncogenesis ? i don't know .	它与肿瘤的发生有关吗？我不知道。
underground work the underground work convention, 1935 no . 45	《地下作业公约，1935年（第45号）》；
in particular, the forum was convened to examine biotechnological opportunities and challenges, constraints affecting the development and diffusion of biotechnology, ways and means of capacity-building in relation to scientific and business skills, potential for biotechnology contributions to industry, and mechanisms of technology transfer .	论坛的举行尤其是要审查生物技术的计划和挑战，审查影响生物技术发展与传播的限制，在科学与企业技能方面能力建设的途径和办法，生物技术推动工业的潜能以及技术转让的机制。
in that case, abuse of right on the part of the state conferring nationality would render the naturalization mala fide .	在这种情况下，给予国籍的国家滥用权利就会形成不具善意的归化。
confirming resolutions 2 10 of the u .n . general assembly unga tenth extraordinary emergency session dated 24 april 1997 and 3 10 dated 15 july 1997 on the illegal actions carried out by israel in the occupied eastern part of al-quds al-sharif east jerusalem and the other palestinian territories under its occupation	认可联合国大会1997年4月24日第十届紧急特别会议第2 10号决议和1997年7月15日关于以色列在被占领的圣城东部地区(东耶路撒冷)和其他被占领巴勒斯坦领土的非法行为的第3 10号决议；
no, that's a violent and highly dangerous . . . laughs that's neil's little joke, sir .	不，那是暴力危险的... 哈哈，那是尼尔的小笑话，先生
we're making a central data file on the second floor .	我们准备在二楼建个文档数据中心。
i'm not here to see you	我不是来找你的
i'm your fan !	我是您的粉丝哦
that did not come out the way i wanted it to .	我不是有心这么说的
i, er, i work in a school .	我在学校工作。
agenda item 91 macroeconomic policy questions continued	议程项目91：宏观经济政策问题（续）
you just don't realize it yet .	你给过Szymanski钱吗?
you go get the guns	我去找資料，你去新界拿手槍
every soul shall taste death, and you will indeed be paid your full rewards on the day of resurrection . whoever is delivered from the fire and admitted to paradise has certainly succeeded . the life of this world is nothing but the wares of delusion .	人人都要嘗死的滋味。在復活日，你們才得享受你們的完全的報酬。誰得遠離火獄，而入樂園，誰已成功。今世的生活，只是虛幻的享受。
contribution to the eighth session of the intergovernmental group of experts on competition law and policy .	提交竞争法和竞争政策问题政府间专家小组第八届会议的文件。
we have also agreed on a draft outcome declaration, with the entire review process already nearly over .	我们还商定了一项成果宣言草案，因为整个审查进程已接近完成。
hosted by the government of kenya, an expert round table for east africa, held within the framework of the paris pact initiative, was held in nairobi from 22 to 24 september 2008 to discuss effective ways to counter trafficking in and abuse of afghan opiates in east africa .	49. 2008年9月22日至24日，肯尼亚政府在《巴黎公约》举措框架内在内罗毕主办了一次东非问题专家圆桌会议，以讨论打击在东非贩运和滥用阿富汗阿片剂问题。
the family code stipulated that the family's domicile should be selected by agreement .	《家庭法》规定，家庭住所的选择要经过协商。
no . come on . go, go, go .	不，加油，走，走，走
as a result of our comprehensive health care delivery programme, our doctors have saved the lives of more than 729,000 africans .	由于我们开展的全面医疗卫生服务方案，我们的医生挽救了729 000余名非洲人的生命。
have they not travelled in the land and seen how was the end of those before them while they were stronger than these in power ? and allah is not such that any thing in the heavens or in the earth should escape him surely he is knowing, powerful .	難道他們沒有在大地上旅行，以觀察前人的結局是怎樣的嗎？前人比他們勢力更大。真主是天地間任何物不能使他無奈的，他確是全知的，確是全能的。
other measures include offering free meals .	其它措施包括提供免费餐。
report of the secretary-general on the united nations interim administration mission in kosovo s 2007 768	秘书长关于联合国科索沃临时行政当局特派团的报告(S 2007 768)
what do you want with that skank ?	你要什么 与SKANK？
although there was an exchange of correspondence between ohchr and undp concerning administrative support, undp staff in kigali indicated that they were not fully aware of these arrangements .	虽然人权专员办事处与开发计划署有着行政支助事务方面的书信往来，但是，驻基加利的开发计划署人员表示，他们并不完全知道这些安排。
the brahimi process should not be seen as an end point but rather as the starting point .	布拉希米进程不应该看成是一个终点而应该是一个起点。
i have a wife .	我有妻室
changes in national systems in accordance with article 5, paragraph 1	F. 按照第五条第1款建立的国家体系的变化
it was decided that	37. 会议决定：
i would sooner rot in your dungeon than sit at your table .	我会将你按倒在桌上，吸干你的血
the statement delivered this afternoon by the permanent representative of spain on behalf of the european union, with which turkey has aligned itself, reflected our main concerns, views and expectations with regard to the situation in the middle east .	土耳其赞成西班牙常驻代表今天下午以欧洲联盟名义所作的发言，他的发言反映了我们对中东局势的主要忧虑、观点和期望。
trips article 31 for example allows a relaxation of certain restrictions, such as prior negotiation with patentees and predominantly domestic use, relating to compulsory licences which may be useful to remedy anti-competitive practices .	例如TRIPS第31条允许放松某些与强制性许可证有关的限制，例如与专利人事先谈判以及主要用于国内市场，或许有助于成为对反竞争做法的补救。
in accordance with the rules of procedure of the general conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later .	根据大会议事规则，更正可在接到本文件或届会闭幕（以日期较晚者为准）后七天内提出。
zedekiah !	西底家
in some cases, however, the use of the alternatives would not be permitted under the environmental regulations of the russian federation, which set human exposure limits for the substances at levels significantly lower than in other industrialized countries .	但在有些情况下，俄罗斯联邦环境条例不允许使用这些替代品，因为其规定的人类接触这些物质的最大量远远低于其他工业化国家。
these five subcategories of additional expenses are described in more detail in the immediately following paragraphs .	该公司提出，由于多种原因，它无法在伊拉克入侵和占领科威特后将所有员工迁往伦敦。
interested delegations are invited to attend .	[交存秘书长的多边条约]
no, you can't work at all on the weekends .	不，周末你不用工作
3 .4 for the purposes of the present article, a plan participant's last day of participation in the plan must, except as provided in article 4 below, be no later than the day preceding the first day of participation in the fund .	3.4 为本条之目的，除了下文第4条规定的情况外，计划参与人在计划内的最后参与日不得晚于参与基金首日之前的那一天。
we stress that the main objective of cica is to make its own contribution the enhancement of an atmosphere of peace and security in asia .	我们强调，亚洲信任会议的主要目标是为加强亚洲的和平与安全气氛做贡献。
but fearing his dad, due to hitler qureshi, he never posted the letter at all !	想去匈牙利和他学摄影
dirk, get outta the pool !	德克，離開游泳池
we'll schedule a lunch . anywhere you'd like to go .	我们抽时间一起吃顿饭 随便你想去哪里吃都行
the centre for providing assistance to victims of sexual violence set up by the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees unhcr was said to be catering for an average of five rape victims per month .	联合国难民事务高级专员办事处为了协助性暴力受害者设立的中心据说每月平均照顾五名强奸受害者。 该中心的创立是一项有意义行动。
the precarious security situation of minorities leads me to address the second pillar of our priorities as agreed for kosovo in 2003 addressing the lack of security .	少数人的安全处境十分危险，因此我必须谈谈我们商定的2003年科索沃优先工作的第二个支柱：即处理缺乏安全问题。
listen, man .	听着，伙计。
president lula, who had made the eradication of that scourge a personal commitment, had, together with the leaders of india and south africa, recently created a trilateral commission to contribute to the eradication of poverty worldwide, in line with the millennium development goals .	把消除此种祸害作为个人承诺的卢拉总统，最近与印度和南非领导人一起建立了一个三边委员会，按照《千年发展目标》推进在全世界消除贫穷。
and sir richard offered to waive the debt if you gave him the evidence of the ministers' guilt ?	只要你向理查德爵士提供大臣的罪证 他就同意将债务一笔勾销
it is not possible for peacebuilding to have a one-size-fits-all standard . a peacebuilding strategy should be tailored to the specific conditions of the affected country .	建设和平不可能有统一的标准，要根据不同当事国的情况制定不同的战略。
no . you can't go up there .	我要回去帮他
noting its 1995 concluding observations, the committee is concerned that corporal punishment continues to be practised within the family, there is a lack of legislation prohibiting such punishment, and that insufficient measures have been adopted to prevent corporal punishment in this context .	230. 委员会提到了1995年的结论性意见，对于在家庭中继续存在体罚做法和尚未立法禁止此类体罚行为和未采取充分措施防止家庭中体罚的情况感到关注。
supreme lord vishnu is the holiest one .	"毗湿奴大神无比神圣"
the joint programming modality provides opportunities for unfpa to ensure that its areas of mandate are reflected in macro-level plans and strategies .	联合方案编制模式给人口基金提供了机会，能确保其任务领域在宏观计划和战略中得到反映。
he's our prodigy .	- 他是我們的天才 他沒事吧?
at the invitation of the president, mr . ouch cambodia , mr . neil jamaica , mr . al-bader qatar , mr . mahendran sri lanka and mr . jokonya zimbabwe took the seats reserved for them at the side of the council chamber .	应主席邀请，乌博里先生(柬埔寨)、内尔先生女士(牙买加)、贝德尔先生(卡塔尔)、马亨德兰先生(斯里兰卡)和乔孔亚先生(津巴布韦)在安理会会议厅一旁为他们保留的座位上就座。
this is serious .	- 我没开玩笑
the final text will be printed in the official records of the security council .	定本将刊印在《安全理事会正式记录》。
on 26 may 1995, the high court however rejected the community's claim to the communal property .	但是，1995年5月26日，高等法院驳回了该社区对公有财产的权利要求。
observation posts shall be easily identifiable and shall afford protection to the troops stationed at them .	4.15. 观察哨应易于识别并为驻守部队提供保护。
this is between two of us	这是我们俩的事
i don't remember .	我不记得了. 事情发生得好快.
also stresses the need for a speedy end to the reoccupation of palestinian population centres and for the complete cessation of all acts of violence, including military attacks, destruction and acts of terror .	“还强调需要迅速结束对巴勒斯坦人口中心的重新占领和完全停止所有暴力行动，包括军事进攻、破坏和恐怖行动”。
the situation in the west bank is no less grave than that which prevails in the gaza strip .	西岸的局势同加沙地带局势一样严重。
you made a deal with clay .	妳只跟克雷有協議
a reports of the multi-year expert meetings	多年度专家会议报告 竞争法和竞争政策政府间专家组报告 单年度专家会议报告 1
member states should establish legislative frameworks to criminalize the laundering of money derived from drug trafficking and other serious crimes and should adopt legislative measures to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of criminal activities .	会员国应当颁布立法，把贩毒及其他严重犯罪所得的洗钱行为定为刑事犯罪，并采取立法措施，查明、冻结、扣押和没收犯罪活动所得。
extension of the mandate of the least developed countries expert group	延长最不发达国家专家组的任务期限
china was committed to assisting the palestinian economy and putting an end to social suffering .	中国一直致力于援助巴勒斯坦经济和结束其社会灾难。
then i'll see you on the battlefield .	那我们就战场上见了
the submission noted that non-united states firms would also be affected by the united states embargo if the firms had united states interests even partially, and that this extraterritoriality of the embargo made it difficult for cuban firms to find international partners and suppliers .	5. 古巴提交的文件指出，非美国公司如果被美国公司持有股份，也会受到美国封锁的影响，封锁的治外性导致古巴公司难以找到国际伙伴和供应商。
funding and personnel resources issues also needed to be resolved in order to complete system modifications and enhancements .	资金和人力资源问题也需要解决，以便完成系统修改和改进工作。
the office of the ombudsman has played a fundamental role in exposing breaches of citizens' rights and attracting attention to ethnic minorities and disadvantaged population groups .	监察员办公室在谴责侵犯被管理者权利和关注少数族群，以及弱势人群等方面扮演重要角色。
okay i'll get the last load . you're going to need a full-time job .	好的 剩下的我去搬
my school cafeteria has three lunches, a, b and c .	我大學的飯堂，有A，B，C三款午餐
hack it apart .	给我劈开
ali abdallah ali al-duwaysan	37. Ali Abdallah Ali Al-Duwaysan
media representatives in possession of a valid united nations grounds pass will be allowed to cover the summit on climate change without additional accreditation .	48. 已持有有效联合国出入证的记者，不需要额外核证即可报道气候变化问题首脑会议。
this man has two hearts . is that even possible ?	那个模特是怎么回事
the representatives of our two countries had an in-depth exchange of views on various matters, including the settlement of unfortunate past issues, as well as outstanding issues of concern .	我们两国代表就各种事项，包括解决一些过去不幸的问题以及一些引起关切的未决问题，进行了深入的意见交流。
it means god wants us to play baseball .	这意味着神要我们打棒球。
um, moe ? did you listen to me ?	小萌，你有听到我说的吗？
d annex iv regional summaries	(d) 附件四：区域摘要；
and illuminating each of us .	然后照亮我们每一个人
draft amendments to existing legislation were proposed in nepal and a revised bill tabled in the lower house of parliament .	尼泊尔提出了现行法律的修改草案，并在议会下院提交了修改法案。
17 .4 in march 2003, following the coup d' tat staged by the former army chief of staff, national institutions, including parliament, were dissolved and replaced by the national transition council, comprising representatives of political parties, civil society, trade unions and religious organizations .	17.4 2003年3月，前陆军总参谋长发动政变后，包括议会在内的国家机构遭到解散，被一个由各政党、民间社会、工会和宗教组织的代表组成的国家过渡委员会取代。
no idea .	我也不知道 No idea.
yes ?	喂?
i should also like to thank you for having taken the initiative to organize this open debate, the first the council has dedicated to the implementation of that document since the adoption of resolution 1540 2004 some three years ago .	我也谨感谢你主动召开本次公开辩论，这是大约三年前通过第1540（2004）号决议以来，安理会第一次专门讨论该文件的执行。
x trade secrets - the export answer-book	(十) 贸易诀窍 出口问答案手册
one representative, noting that the commission should bear in mind the requirement of prospective effectiveness of the congresses when choosing the main theme, and proposed that the theme be transnational cooperation of states as a response to transnational crime .	13. 一位代表认为，委员会在选择主要议题时应当牢记对预防犯罪大会的潜在效能的要求，因此建议将其定为：“各国开展跨国合作对付跨国犯罪”。
yeah . well, i hope they're taming him .	可能吧，我倒希望 北极熊能驯化他
but god has spoken to me and i refuse to believe that a mother who has seen her children smile, could be able to take their lives away .	但我听到上帝对我说话， 我不相信他们。 一个看过自己孩子微笑的妈妈， 不可能夺走他们的生命。
- how ?	在我们曾经生活过的死城的下面
be with you in a minute .	稍等片刻 Be with you in a minute.
the request was made that the policy recommendations contained in the least developed countries report 2008 on designing development policies and strategies, as well as the terms of development partnership, should be considered by all the relevant international organizations and multilateral agencies in implementing mdg strategies .	41. 会议要求落实千年发展目标战略的所有相关的国际组织和多边机构，应考虑《2008年最不发达国家报告：增长、贫困与发展伙伴关系的条件》所载关于制定发展政策和战略以及发展伙伴关系条件方面的建议。
after that, no one looks me in the eye .	在此之后，没有人看起来我的眼睛。
the source further reports that in january 2002, malaysian police searched mohamed zaki' s home in kuala lumpur and took away his computer .	16. 提交人进一步报告说，2002年1月，马来西亚警方搜查了Mohammed Zaki在吉隆坡的住家，并抄走了他的计算机。
this is my girlfriend, thena .	这是我女朋友 塞纳
i don't think he's able to take it .	他受得了嗎？
there were loads of kids at that march .	那里有很多小孩
should i stay or should i go now ?	我是该留下，还是离开?
move out !	快走!
- i'm coming, dear .	-l'm coming dear.
more urgently than ever, common efforts and actions were required to bring the global economy back on a steady path towards the achievement of the millennium goals and targets .	现在较以往更迫切需要共同的努力和行动，以使全球经济回到稳定的道路上，以实现千年目标和指标。
help !	救救我!
don't drop it .	别掉了
where secured creditors themselves are neither able nor willing to assume these tasks, entrusting third parties will involve additional costs that will be directly or indirectly borne by the debtor .	如果有担保债权人本人没有能力或不愿意承担这些任务，委托第三人将会增加费用，而增加的费用将由债务人直接或间接负担。
where's the dvd ?	DVD呢?
you were absolutely right when you warned me that i was getting too liberal with her about boys .	你說的沒錯，當你警告我 我對她跟男孩子之間的事 是太放縱了
uncc claim number 4004455	UNCC claim number: 4004455
to protect the property and the citizenry . . .	为了保护财产和...
help me . please, help me .	幫幫我，請幫幫我
i may have issues with the church, but i believe in religious freedom .	我可能对教会有些问题 但我相信宗教自由
chris !	Chris!
screams, groans laughs these are fun .	太有意思了
i mean, come on !	- 我是说，拜托！
nothing happened-- nothing-- not even a kiss .	我和中國人上床？ 根本沒發生任何事
- no, charles . my son is dead .	天那，威廉，这是你的儿子
if that is truly what you believe, then your path is a simple one	如果你真的是这么认为的话 那么你能做的只有一件事情
since the decision to consolidate a genuine democracy was incompatible with the dissemination of ideas that contravened the principles of human rights, the algerian people had renounced extremism, fanaticism and terrorism, and the state was fulfilling its duty to protect its citizens and to halt terrorist violence .	虽然巩固真正民主的决定与对同人权相悖教义的宣传互相矛盾，但阿尔及利亚人民抵制极端主义、狂热主义和恐怖主义，同时国家履行保护公民的责任，消灭恐怖主义暴力。
hey !	喂
children with disabilities are, of course, entitled to all of the rights to which any child is entitled and, as the convention on the rights of the child makes explicit, all children with disabilities should enjoy a full and decent life, in conditions which ensure dignity, promote self-reliance and facilitate the child's active participation in the community .	残疾儿童当然有权享有任何儿童应享的一切权利，并且如《儿童权利公约》阐明，所有残疾儿童应能在确保其尊严、促进其自立、有利于其积极参与社会生活的条件下享有充实而适当的生活。
i'll marry you .	我们结婚吧
i wear the derby because i have a little bit of a bald spot .	为什么没人买我? Why didn't I sell?
the topic of adolescent pregnancy is complex and is closely related to women's rights and development .	少女怀孕问题十分复杂，与妇女权利和发展密切相关。
i'll see you later .	稍后见
recalling articles 6, 8, 12, 13, 17 and 18 of the kyoto protocol,	进一步忆及《联合国特权及豁免公约》，
mm .	嗯 努力扩大家庭 Mm.
millions of people suffered from hunger, and the increase in the production of agro-fuels could increase their numbers .	上百万人食不裹腹，农业燃油产量增加可能加剧了这一现象。
the summits and conferences of the last decade have given renewed relevance to the work of the united nations in the economic, social and related fields .	过去十年举行的各首脑会议和会议使联合国在经济、社会和相关领域的工作具有新的相关性。
if you wanna save the world, stop that from happening .	如果你想拯救世界 就要阻止这一切的发生
- we don't want anyone hurt .	- 我们不希望有人员伤亡
- would you join me in a cup of evidence ?	- 你想一起喝一杯证据吗？
original english 2 march 2009	[原件：英文] [2009年3月2日]
responses are practically the same, whether one is dealing with a terrorist attack or an epidemic .	无论是应付恐怖主义攻击还是应付流行病，应对措施实际上没有什么不同。
-thank you, wolfgang paco .	- 女士们
preparing for downsizing of untaet	缩减东帝汶过渡当局的准备工作
mr . nichol ?	尼克尔先生
better collaboration between mine action centres and relevant ministries and other key actors in the disability sector is essential .	改善排雷行动中心与相关的部及其他主要行为者之间的合作至关重要。
okay .	好的
i thought you were serious .	我还以为你很认真 文生
he grabbed me by the arm and said it concerned him very much, and insisted that i meet with him the very next day .	说很关他的事 还坚持我第二天要去见他
have you ever tried to understand your foster parents ?	你有没有试着 去理解你的养父母
after the assassination of lebanese president-elect bashir gemayel in mid-september 1982, followed by an israeli incursion into west beirut and the criminal massacre of palestinians in the sabra and shatila refugee camps by phalangist militias in late september, the multinational force returned to lebanon .	7. 1982年9月中旬，黎巴嫩当选总统贝希尔 杰马耶勒被暗杀，以色列随后入侵贝鲁特西部，9月下旬长枪党民兵在Sabra和Shatila难民营大肆屠杀巴勒斯坦人，多国部队返回黎巴嫩。
such a unanimous acceptance once obtained is final .	这种一致接受一旦取得，即为确定。
i want to !	我要！
the forthcoming elections will be a vital step on the path towards peace and stability in timor-leste .	即将举行的选举将是通往东帝汶和平与稳定道路上极其重要的步骤。
you said you need to bribe wong man bin, so i slept with him .	你说要我跟黄文彬睡收买他 我就跟他睡
you really believe that ?	你真这么想？
you bastard !	你真该死
i've seen how pleasure touches the cock .	让我感觉到他的下面的东西
the assembly considered this item at its fortieth and forty-second to forty-fifth sessions .	大会第四十届和第四十二届至第四十五届会议审议了这个项目。
he can sell it .	He can sell it.
results of the health programme	M. 保健方案的成果
so thank you very much .	谢谢大家。
h in particular the sudanese people's liberation army movement, to stop using civilian premises for military purposes, misappropriating humanitarian assistance and diverting relief supplies, including food, from their civilian recipients	(h) 尤其是苏丹人民解放军 运动停止将民房用于军事目的，并侵占人道主义援助和挪用应属于平民的救济品，包括粮食；
no, we only see eachother if the wound is bleeding .	不行 只有你的伤口还流血 才能再见到我
ellie, don't move !	艾丽，别动！
a summary of this study was also brought to the attention of the general assembly a 58 120 .	关于此项研究报告的摘要也已提请大会注意(A 58 120)。
the advantage of this approach is that the severity of the conditions of poverty would be apparent to every member of society .	这一方法的好处在于贫困状况的严重程度对每个社会成员都是显而易见的。
subprogramme 6 office of the united nations special coordinator for the middle east peace process	次级方案6 联合国中东和平进程特别协调员办事处
i had a few .	- 喝了点酒
yet he wanted to be the first back to u ?	这样，他要他的人回到第一线吗？
client's new favorite american pastime making videos with young white porn stars .	我客户的新爱好，美式消遣娱乐
these point to a crucial difference children aged 5 to 15 constitute 13 per cent of the population in oecd countries, but 30 per cent in developing countries .	这种情况显示了至关重要的差异： 5岁到15岁之间的儿童 占经合发组织国家人口的13 ，但占发展中国家人口的30 。
b the tribunal's proposed budget for the biennium 2008-2009 a 62 374 included proposals for funding the accrued liabilities for after-service health insurance and pensions of retired judges .	(b) 法庭2008-2009两年期拟议预算（A 62 374）中包括为退休法官离职后健康保险和养恤金所涉应计负债供资的提议。
scientifically grounded counselling of hiv-infected women in the developing world on the most suitable option for infant feeding i .e ., the development of guidelines	3. 为发展中世界受艾滋病毒感染妇女提供关于育婴的最适当备选方法的科学性辅导(即 制定指导方针);
this is not a script .	可这不是剧本
the project objective has been to develop a social policy index spi based on a framework that takes into account the multiple roles of social policy in terms of redistribution, production, reproduction and protection .	41. 这一项目的目标一直是，根据考虑到社会政策在再分配、生产、再生产和保护方面的多重作用的框架，制订社会政策指数。
happy new year, wankers !	新年快乐， wankers ！
and the rest of us suffer .	我们其余的人深受其害。
it is something that we all have known for a very long time now, and we have been calling it democracy .	它是我们都长期以来所知道的，我们一直把它称为民主。
the security council resumed its consideration of the item at its 4399th meeting, held on 29 october 2001 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations .	2001年10月29日，安全理事会按照事先协商达成的理解，举行第4399次会议，继续审议本项目。
in this dark obscure back alley without a single person ?	在这样黑黢黢的小巷子里 半个人影都没有的地方吗
following the attacks, the secretary-general of the forces nouvelles declared the accra iii and linas-marcoussis agreements null and void .	在攻击事件发生之后，新军秘书长宣布《阿克拉协定三》和《利纳-马库锡协定》“无效”。
come on .	快点 快点
shou rou byou shi shou means living .	"生老病死" "生"意味着生存
because i can not find the right words to express how beautiful you are .	因为我无法找到的话 表达权... ...... 多么美丽你。
- fantastic ! - try that one in a court of law .	在中世纪
the government, with the support of its newly restructured military and unamsil, has done an extraordinary job in establishing authority in the entire country .	政府在刚刚完成整编的军队和联塞特派团支持下出色地在全国建立了权威。
yeah, or maybe subconsciously he's done .	是吗 要不然他潜意识是这么想的
the result, however, is that everybody loses . schools underperform poverty remains high and the resulting high rates of unemployment and crime impose huge financial and social costs on us society .	但是，结果却是所有人都遭遇损失。学校表现不佳；贫困率居高不下；而由此导致的高失业和犯罪率给美国社会带来了巨大的金融和社会成本。
in the meantime, the south pacific forum countries were proceeding with the establishment of the international monitoring system network of stations in that region .	同时，南太平洋论坛各国政府着手建立该区域国际监测系统台站网络。
the ruf is not homogeneous .	革命联合阵线并不是一成不变的。
it is past time that political leaders on both sides, especially moderate ones, also come to understand this . they need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply cannot and should not be solved by brute force .	士兵们首先意识到军事实力在实现长期和平上价值有限。双方的领导人，特别是温和派领导人也早应这样理解。他们需要通过谈判合作解决问题，这些问题无法也不应当用暴力解决。
the invigilator said . . .	监考人说过...
can we prove it ?	能证明是他干的吗?
andrew neiman, sir .	我叫安德鲁・尼曼 先生 Andrew Neiman Sir.
the shortage of skilled labour is a major impediment to attracting and benefiting from fdi .	技工的缺乏是阻碍吸收并受益于外国直接投资的主要因素之一。
-so,we go ?	- 那么，我们走？
stop . you wanna try that again ?	停
- your occupation ?	職業？
election of the president of the general assembly .1	4. 选举大会主席。
emphasizing the importance of bosnia and herzegovina's progress towards euro-atlantic integration on the basis of the peace agreement, while recognizing the importance of bosnia and herzegovina's transition to a functional, reform-oriented, modern and democratic european country,	强调波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那根据《和平协定》迈向欧洲-大西洋一体化的重要性，同时也确认波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那过渡成为一个运作正常、着眼于改革的现代化民主欧洲国家的重要性，
we have to work .	我要学习
this married man was sentenced for committing adultery .	该名已婚男子被判处犯有通奸罪。
transnational crime	跨国犯罪
germany karl borchard, joerg werner wolfgang marquardt, manfred moehrenschlager, michael ott, hans-rainer albrecht, manon geissler, joachim ziegler	德国 Karl Borchard Joerg Werner Wolfgang Marquardt Manfred Moehrenschlager Michael Ott Hans-Rainer Albrecht Manon Geissler Joachim Ziegler
administrative and miscellaneous costs	8. 行政费和杂费
over here, belle .	在这边 Belle
the committee commends the efforts of the state party to have the convention translated into albanian and disseminated .	委员会赞扬缔约国做出努力，把《公约》翻译成阿尔巴尼亚文并予以分发。
- did you ask a lot ? - what are you talking about ?	-你们真的要了很多么
moreover, political candidates, as well as elected public officials, may be required by law to disclose their assets and interests as well as those of family members and associates on a regular basis .	此外，法律还可要求政党候选人及当选公职人员定期公布其个人、家庭成员以及合作人的资产和利益。
so we took the commission .	我们接了这个项目，
if i'm not mistaken, it's tradition that the best man gets to finger the bridesmaids .	如果我没搞错，按照传统 伴郎可以抚摸伴娘
is this it ?	这就是你的家务事？
jin . . . the soldiers' lives and our lives are worth nothing to him .	兄弟 盾牌兵的命、你我的命 值几个钱
our ever-increasing interdependence and the global risks and responsibilities we all share highlight the need for strong, representative and effective international institutions .	我们的相互依存性日益加强，而我们共同的全球风险和责任都突出表明需要强有力、有代表性和有效的国际机构。
terms of reference	A. 职责范围
a burglar hobbit ?	小偷霍比特？
during the reporting period, more rural women have been involved in development planning .	在报告期间，有更多的农村妇女参与到发展规划中。
fccc sbi 2003 7 add .3	FCCC SBI 2003 7 Add.3 Page 19
however, the right of the coastal state is not absolute, in that unclos, true to the balance struck between the coastal state's interests and those of the scientific community, differentiates between normal circumstances and situations where the discretionary powers may be exercised .	但是，沿海国的权利也并不是绝对的，因为《海洋法公约》要真正平衡沿海国与科学界之间的利益，区分“正常情况”和可行使酌处权的情况。
- it was just a loud noise . - i'll give you lots more .	真的，我真的会给你钱
- well, it isn't boring .	- 不就不乏味了
current estimates for regular resources for 2000 amount to us 4 .5 million, a 33 per cent increase over the provisional 1999 income of us 3 .4 million .	2000年当前经常资源概算为450万美元，比1999年的暂定收入340万美元增加33 。
we're midway over the atlantic .	我们现在在大西洋正中间 We're midway over the Atlantic.
were you looking for us ?	你们在找我们？
-l can smell it a mile away .	- 酒气熏天，一公里以外都能闻到
fscs-family support committee centres	FSC-家庭支助中心
man, get off of my block .	哥们儿 滚出我的街区
big plans .	记住 我有着宏伟的计划
no pictures .	没有照片。
the concentration camps are a source of free work-force for the greek industry owners and contractors mainly the contractors .	集中营是个免费劳动力的来源， 供给希腊行业业主和承包商； 主要是承包商。
eh, you're splitting hairs . we're both trapped .	呃 你别做无谓分析 我们都被困住了
ibid .	31 同上。
look at what you've done .	看看你都做了什么
toshowthem thatyouare no different than theyare .	让他们看你跟他们并无不同
in line with the usual practice adopted by the greek cypriot leaders in their statements before the united nations general assembly, mr . christofias again took advantage of this opportunity to distort the recent history of cyprus .	根据希族塞人领导人在他们向联合国大会所作发言中通常采取的做法，赫里斯托菲亚斯先生再次利用该机会歪曲塞浦路斯最近的历史。
the president spoke in french on behalf of the general assembly, i wish to thank the president of the democratic socialist republic of sri lanka for the statement she has just made .	主席（以法语发言）：我谨代表大会感谢斯里兰卡民主社会主义共和国总统刚才所作的讲话。
the lucky thing was, she got to know the surgeon who operated on her, jeff li !	但幸運的是 她遇到了 割她闌尾的外科醫生李傑夫
due to the fact that the first contractor for installation and training defaulted in 1999, in june 1999 and april 2000 unicef awarded two training contracts worth a total of 1 .6 million to one supplier without a competitive selection process .	由于负责安装以及培训的第一个承包商在1999年不履约，儿童基金会于1999年6月和2000年4月未经竞争性遴选程序将价值共计160万美元的两个培训合同授予一个供应商。
that seal, this office . . .	这个印章 这间办公室...
wherever possible ifs will facilitate this type of submission from its members .	只要可能，住区街坊联会将促进其成员提出这类报告。
it was also looking at national and sector phase-outs as the preferred way to address compliance goals in countries that were ready to do so .	工发组织还着眼于国家和部门淘汰方法，因为这是在准备这么做的国家内实现履约目标较可取的方式。
while welcoming efforts to establish children's parliaments, the committee remains concerned that the views of the child, especially girls, are not often respected and may be seen as contrary to traditional concepts of the role of the family, clan and tribe .	250. 委员会对建立儿童议会的努力表示欢迎，但仍然关切地注意到，儿童的意见，尤其是女童的意见往往未得到尊重，而且可能被视为有悖于家庭、氏族和部族作用的传统观念。
- oh yeah . - excuse me .	好吧
we believe that this migration has benefited migrants themselves and their countries of origin .	我们认为，这种移徙有益于移民自己和他们的原籍国。
access to energy remains difficult in several ldcs the economic potential of tourism is under-utilized .	土地退化、荒漠化、气候变化的负面影响、气候多变性和一再出现的极端天气，阻碍了许多最不发达国家发展有活力和可持续的农业；
oh, yeah, i just, um . . .	知道，我只是...
i didn't know her doctor . i'm sorry .	我不认识她的医生 抱歉
but if everything is conflict prevention, nothing is .	但是如果什么都是防止冲突，也就什么都不是。
the relaunching of the programme had been facilitated largely by a decision of the joint committee on disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, comprising unamsil, the government of sierra leone and ruf, and which had been mandated to develop a timetable and modalities for the implementation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme .	4． 该方案的重新实施基本上是由于联塞特派团、塞拉利昂政府和联阵组成的解除武装、复员和重返社会联合委员会作出了一项决定而促成的。 联合委员会所承担的任务是制定落实解除武装、复员和重返社会方案的时间表和方式。
you're jealous .	你眼红了
he hoped that unctad would continue its analytical work in that area and further disseminate information on investment agreements through its dedicated databases .	他希望，贸发会议继续开展这方面的分析工作，并通过其专用数据库进一步传播有关投资协定的信息。
appendix 4 cedaw report - tokelau .	附录4：《消除对妇女歧视公约》报告 托克劳 206
of the 39 countries reflecting increases, all but one are low-income countries .	有增加的那39个国家里，除了一个国家之外，全是低收入国家。
what are the odds of you being in l .a . at the same time ?	两名顶尖骇客怎么都在洛城？
going beyond its ten stories project, the department should instil a public conscience and elicit political action and a collective response .	新闻部应超出它的“十个故事”项目，逐渐灌输一种公众意识并启发采取政治行动和做出集体反应。
- to track her down .	他建议我们找私家侦探帮忙 追查她的下落
d appropriate forms of public private partnership, including with non-governmental organizations, at all levels, for building societies for all ages	(d) 为建设不分年龄人人共享的社会在所有各级建立公共 私营部门之间 包括同非政府组织的伙伴关系的适当形式;
it's an entirely european phenomenon .	完全是来自于欧洲的珍品
no, that's not what you said before .	不 这不是你以前说过的
yeah, what do you want ?	好了，怎样？
in south asia, a unicef task force on child labour was formed to develop a regional strategy based on lessons learned and to strengthen links with ilo .	在南亚设立了一个儿童基金会童工问题特别工作组，以便根据吸取的经验制定区域战略和加强与劳工组织的关系。
we're already a kilometer off-course .	我们已经 一公里 场外。
yeah	嗯
opening and duration of the session	B. 会议开幕和会期
then as for him who is given his book in his right hand, he will say lo ! read my book	用右手接受自己的功過簿的人將說： 你們拿我的功過簿去讀讀吧！
the committee pointed out that no statement of programme budget implications had been submitted to the general assembly at its fifty-third session in connection with the adoption of resolution 53 208 c of 18 december 1998, and requested that cost estimates and a related secretariat-wide plan be presented to the assembly at the main part of its fifty-fourth session .	咨询委员会指出 没有向大会第五十三届会议提出关于通过1998年12月18日第53 208 C号决议所涉方案概算问题的说明 要求向大会第五十四会议主要会期会议提交费用估计数和有关的整个秘书处的计划。
there used to be bandages in here .	这儿明明有OK绷的
they can dance, we'll stay home instead	他们可以跳舞， 我们会待在家里，而不是
the meeting was suspended at 10 .45 a .m . and resumed at 10 .55 a .m .	上午10时45分会议暂停，并于10时55分复会。
- no, you're just . . .	- 不，你只是
recalling its resolutions 52 193 and 52 194 of 18 december 1997, 53 197 of 15 december 1998 and 58 221 of 23 december 2003,	回顾其1997年12月18日第52 193号和第52 194号、1998年12月15日第53 197号和2003年12月23日第58 221号决议，
that obligation is not, as such, contingent upon a demand or protest by any injured state, even if the form which reparation should take in the circumstances may be contingent .	可是这种义务本身并不取决于任何受害国的要求或抗议，即使在某些情况下赔偿的方式可能取决于这种要求或抗议。
js1 reported that in many states, persons arrested for crimes bearing the capital punishment are arraigned before courts that lack jurisdiction over such offences and remanded in prison custody for extended periods, ostensibly to conclude investigations .	32. 据JS1报告，在许多州，传唤因死刑罪被拘留者的法庭没有对这类罪行的管辖权，为进行调查，罪犯在监狱关押的时间过长。
a true classic never goes out of style .	经典永远都是经典啊
it's the altitude .	这个高度。
this will allow us immediately to be extra vigilant and tough on individuals who may clandestinely be dealing with unita .	这种情报使我们能够立即对可能与安盟非法交易的个人提高警惕并采取强硬的手段。
i can get them young for you, real young .	我可以帮你找幼齿的 真的很小的
i got the perfect thing .	我有好东西
few reports mention the integration of the private sector in technology promotion programmes .	83. 几乎没有报告提到把私营部门纳入技术推广方案。
the assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 12 .	大会于是结束本阶段对议程项目12的审议。
just smash it like that .	就这样踩碎 哦！
hope shall rise among our people if we free navarre .	如果我们解放了纳瓦拉， 会在我们的人民中点燃希望
what do you want ?	你想要什么？
see general assembly resolution 48 104 .	大会第48 104号决议。
he was framed .	他被陷害了.
what's this ?	这是什么意思？
united nations, no safety net for older migrants and refugees dpi 2264 .	联合国 “没有老年移民和难民的安全网”（DPI 2264）。
that emphasizes what we, as african and developing countries, have rightly been calling for in not accepting ready-made prescriptions by donor experts or conditionalities .	这正是我们非洲发展中国家一再正当呼吁的，我们不接受捐助专家提供的现成方案或带附加条件的方案。
d disarmament education should be enhanced .	(d) 应当加强裁军教育。
. . .to see you and that blonde slut . . .	"... 去见你和那条母狗...
cholula, mexico is home to the largest pyramid in the world .	墨西哥Cholula 是世界上最大金字塔的所在地
external factors	外部因素
for the text of the resolution, see chapter ii, section a, resolution 2004 16 .	决议案文见第二章A节，第2004 16号决议。
there's what i do, what your father helps me with .	这生意我在做 你爸也在帮我
i don't want to see any crap out there . all right ?	我不想看到偷懒，好吗？
secondly, it was argued that, as privileges and immunities were granted to organizations and not to individuals, only international organizations were empowered to waive such immunities when they were of the opinion that doing so would be in their interest and would not impair the independence of their functions .	第二，有与会者指出，特权和豁免是给予组织而非个人的，只有国际组织才有权在认为符合其利益而且不妨碍其职能独立性的情况下放弃此类豁免。 第三。
it provides functional leadership and overall management of the evaluation system, and commissions and conducts independent evaluations .	该办公室对评价制度进行实际领导和总体管理，并委托进行或进行独立评价。
we continue to deplore in the strongest terms all acts of terror and to call for an end to the extreme acts by both sides .	我们继续最强烈地谴责一切恐怖行径，并要求双方结束极端行径。
today, we cannot ignore the many years of suffering endured by civilians in the israeli-palestinian conflict .	今天，我们不能忽视多年来平民在以巴冲突中所遭受的痛苦。
-your grace ?	主教大人? Your Grace?
we got back from the pole camp last night and i've just bumped into the russian commander, who's just heard from the camp .	我们昨晚从北极营地回来 我刚刚碰到俄罗斯的指挥官 他刚刚从营地得到消息
hello . hi .	- 你好 嗨
the international expert meeting included representatives from the united nations system, academia and non-governmental organizations as well as some representation from governments active in women and armed conflict .	参加此次国际专家会议的是联合国系统、学术界和非政府组织的代表，以及活跃在妇女和武装冲突问题领域的政府的一些代表。
i don't want you to do the wrong hip .	我可不要你搞错边
i think your cheeseburger is a bit too well done .	我的芝士也做得很好你不介意 是吗
- who are you ?	你是谁？
it's not surprising that, with so many different kinds of animals living so closely together, some extraordinary relationships have evolved .	各种不同的动物 全都挤在这儿 衍生出独特的关系 也是意料中的事情
the security council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda .	安全理事会就此结束本阶段对其议程项目的审议。
other tools, such as revised guidelines for joint programming, a financial capacity assessment tool and harmonized resource transfer modalities, will be introduced later this year .	今年稍后期间将采用其他一些手段，例如联合方案编制订正准则、财务能力评价工具和统一的资源转让方式。
the 35 regional authorities for women's shelters have established domestic violence advice and support centres .	35家地区妇女庇护所都成立了家庭暴力咨询和援助中心。
yes, team leader oh ! what's the matter ?	是我 吳部長 怎麼了
rule 110 .01	细则110.01
save me ! jim !	救救我吉姆
ideally, we would have comparable information for purely national firms, small- and medium- sized enterprises, as well asand state-owned enterprises, but a survey of that magnitude is beyond the time and resource constraints of this mandate .	理想的情况是，我们应该有国内中小企业以及国有企业的可比信息，但这类规模的调查是本任务在可利用的时间和资源范围内无法办到的。
one shot to the leg, carl lives .	朝他腿上射了一槍 Carl就活下來了
revenue targets	(以百万美元计)
we're just having a lesson .	我们只是有一个教训。 - 哦。
i can see that,	看得出来
according to the author, his son had no intention to kill .	据提交人称，他的儿子无意杀人。
switzerland commended the nuclear suppliers group and the director-general of iaea for exploring the possibility of converting national enrichment and reprocessing facilities into multinational facilities, as the expert group on multilateral approaches to the nuclear fuel cycle had recommended in its report npt conf .2005 18 .	瑞士赞赏核供应国集团和原子能机构总干事探索将国家浓缩和再处理设施转换为多国设施的可能性，这也正是关于核燃料循环多边方案专家组在其报告（NPT CONF.2005 18）中提出的建议。
recommendations on guinea-bissau	三. 关于几内亚比绍的建议
there remains outstanding issues demanding further studies and discussions such as a clear and authoritative definition on weaponization' and reversible permanent damages', and on the specifics for establishing a verification regime either under the unga or at the cd .	目前仍然有一些必须进一步研究和讨论的突出问题，如关于 “武器化”和“可逆转 永久损害”的明确的权威性定义以及在大会或裁谈会制定核查制度的具体细节。
compliance with its resolutions is in the interest of all .	遵守联合国各项决议符合所有国家的利益。
naturally, over the past 10 years, we have also seen the emergence of new challenges and issues that were not originally addressed .	自然，在过去10年期间，我们也看到出现了最初没有予以对付的新挑战和新问题。
seriously, you deserve to be happy .	严重的是， 你应该得到幸福。
- okay .	好了。
what do you think are the rewards of this, mike ?	你觉得这件事的奖励会是什么吗？ 麦克
we feel that regional, national and international conflicts and disparities in the world order have an impact on our global village, which is becoming increasingly globalized .	我们认为，区域、国家和国际冲突以及世界秩序中的差异对变得越来越全球化的全球村造成影响。
come with me !	和我一起走
i think he did it .	我觉得他做到了。
i do .	我想相信
what've you got there ?	你在这里干什么？
do you understand why ?	你明白为什么吗？
hassan ali shaheen	1. Hassan Ali Shaheen
the officer would also participate in training programmes for field procurement personnel to be organized by the office of human resources management and develop user-friendly guidance documents on procurement for use by field missions	此外，还参加人管厅为外地采购人员举办的培训方案，编写方便用户的指导文件，供外地特派团使用。
think about it, if the daughter of a pork feet place gets sick of her folks' pork feet, who'd come to eat there ?	如果我這個豬蹄店的女兒 吃膩了豬蹄 那誰還會來買豬蹄啊
addendum	增编
- hey, girlfriend trouble ?	女朋友耍脾气了?
i gotta work hard, and buy him nice stuff .	要先努力赚钱，给雅林吃好吃的
i knew they were the ones .	我知道他们的人。
undp undp	g 例如。
the president may i further take it that the assembly agrees to proceed immediately to the consideration of sub-item e of agenda item 94 ?	主席（以英语发言）：我是否可以进一步认为，大会同意立即审议议程项目94分项(e)？
-she wants to get caught .	- 她有意被擒
while the special representative of the secretary-general did not inform colonel reis, who was the second in time to speak to him, that permission had already been granted to mr . malik, the two men spoke shortly thereafter .	尽管特别代表没有告诉与他第二个交谈的雷伊斯上校他已经批准了马利克先生的干预请求，雷伊斯与马利克后来仍进行了简单的交谈。
other concerns were raised that particularly careful drafting would be necessary to avoid the increased breadth of the concept of volume contracts resulting in the inadvertent inclusion in the draft instrument of some contracts of carriage in the non-liner trade .	另有与会者关切地指出，行文措词必须特别谨慎，以避免由于从量合同这一概念外沿的扩大而在不经意中将某些非班轮运输合同列入文书草案。
but the baby couldn't live long .	因为从一生下来小孩就有心脏畸形
what ?	什么?
it's sad about matt levy .	-马特 莱维的事真可惜
that's all i got on me, that and my return ticket .	这是我的全部了，还有我的回程票
what happened to it ?	到底怎么回事？
immunity is above all a question of right, a question of the juridical rights and obligations of states .	豁免首先是一个权利问题，即国家司法权利和义务问题。
don't you listen ?	我明白你的意思 但你干嘛吃饱了 没事要破坏人家关系？
such schemes, which may be undertaken either by states or by impartial humanitarian organizations such as the international committee of the red cross, shall consist, in particular, of the provision of consignments of foodstuffs, medical supplies and clothing .	该项计划，可以由国家或公正人道主义组织如红十字国际委员会承担之，在该计划中尤应包括食物、医疗品及衣服的转运物资之供给。
how are you doing, sebastian ?	-大家好 我是塞巴斯蒂安 -你过得怎么样? 塞巴斯蒂安
suice bombingin israel . - i painted it three weeks ago	以色列自杀爆炸 我三星期前画的
so i looked at it as a business thing .	我从生意角度来看
as of august 2007, an estimated 180,000 individuals were displaced in sri lanka owing to the escalation of the conflict since april 2006 and 97,923 individuals 30,150 families returned to their places of origin .	截至2007年8月，由于2006年4月以来冲突的升级而造成的斯里兰卡境内流离失所者人数估计为18万人；97 923人（30 150个家庭）返回其原籍地。
3 fao contribution of 25 per cent of one d-1 post, one p-5 post, one p-3 post and 25 per cent of one general service post .	3 粮农组织捐助一个D-1级职位的25 、一个P-5级职位、一个P-3级职位和一个一般事务人员职位的25 。
anyway, you should try writing instead of drawing	总之 还是写字好一点
i think, essentially, that we need to be guided by the principle that we should not let impunity prevail .	我认为，从根本上来讲，我们的指导原则应该是我们不能允许有罪不罚现象普遍存在。
my delegation calls on all parties to implement the resolution, thus achieving an immediate ceasefire, allowing the passage of humanitarian assistance to the palestinians and halting the trafficking of arms and ammunition into the territory .	我国代表团呼吁各方执行这项决议，以便立即实现停火、使人道主义援助能送到巴勒斯坦人手中，以及制止武器弹药走私进入加沙。
romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both .	罗密欧为我们俩要谢谢你
thanks, bye .	怎么了
no !	不！
torrez wants to get senator mclaughlin re-elected, so that he can build a border fence that he can control .	Torrez希望McLaughlin选举成功 这样他就可以控制边境了
results-based budgeting	按成果编制预算
that's right . you better run, boy . you hear jedediah ?	是啊 快逃吧 听见没
at the same meeting, at the request of the representative of guatemala, a roll-call vote was taken on the motion moved by pakistan, which was adopted by 50 votes to 2, with 1 abstention . the voting was as follows	在同次会议上，就巴基斯坦提出的动议进行了唱名表决，该动议以50票对2票、1票弃权获通过。
a 56 154 united nations regional centre for peace, disarmament and development in latin america and the caribbean report of the secretary-general	A 56 154-联合国和平、裁军与发展拉丁美洲和加勒比区域中心-秘书长的报告
on the other hand, cocoa production increased by 13 .85 per cent, oil production by 43 per cent and gas production by 1 .3 per cent .	另一方面，可可、石油和天然气生产分别增加了13.85 、43 和1.3 。
you owe it to your family .	为了你的家人 你应该这么做
where ?	地狱?
vi bel - general trust fund for additional voluntary contributions in support of approved activities under the convention on biological diversity, which is extended through 31 december 2011	BEL 支持《生物多样性公约》核定活动的额外自愿捐助的一般用途信托基金，有效期延长至2011年12月31日；
the 2000 review conference also welcomes the practical steps taken by the central asian states towards the implementation of their initiative .	5. 2000年审议大会还欢迎中亚国家为了落实他们的倡议而采取的实际步骤。
we also initiated high-level discussions, resulting in a resolution on the situation of women and girls in afghanistan, which was recommended for approval by the ecosoc .	我们还进行高级别讨论，通过一项关于阿富汗妇女和女童状况的决议。 已建议经社理事会通过该项决议。
in my capacity as chairman of the group of landlocked developing countries, i have the honour to transmit herewith the ministerial communiqu adopted at the sixth annual ministerial meeting of landlocked developing countries, held at united nations headquarters on 19 september 2005 see annex .	我谨以内陆发展中国家集团主席的身份随函附上内陆发展中国家于2005年9月19日在联合国总部举行的第六届部长级年度会议所通过的部长公报（见附件）。
l realized it's natural to develop a crush on a older, more experienced man .	比踢你头有用吗？ 你要带领唱诗班，斯普莉科尔小姐
you can't do that !	抱歉!
it's like scarface had sex with mister rogers or something .	就好像是疤面煞星和罗杰斯先生 做爱一样
monana, it's for you . the credit card people .	摩娜娜 你的电话 信用卡公司打来的
signed tariq aziz deputy prime minister acting minister for foreign affairs	塔里克 阿齐兹（签名）
this is horrible .	太可怕了
want to dance ?	想跳舞吗？
we do, sir, but this animal looks a little dangerous .	没错 但这只动物有点吓人
wait !	等一下！
17 also found that a total of 84 per cent of managers had rated the professional skills and knowledge of national competitive recruitment examinations as being either good or excellent, showing that the programme brings highly qualified young professionals into the organization .	报告（第17段）还发现，共有84 的主管将通过NCRE招聘的人员的专业技能和知识评为优秀或良好，说明本组织可以通过这一办法招聘非常合格的年轻专业人员。
what ? these kids are coming with us ?	怎么 难道这两个孩子和我们一起去吗?
- i have to go, tim .	- 我得走了 Tim
i won't give you aids, if that's what you mean .	我不会传给你艾滋病 如果你是那个意思的话
mommy, daddy, i'm up here !	爸！
further, the task force examined whether the staff member exercised any improper influence in favour of another vendor during the bidding process for the food rations contract .	此外，工作队还调查该工作人员是否在口粮合同的投标过程中，为偏袒另一个供应商施加不当影响。
- provided the transport comes through .	如果我们交通上顺利的话
they're taking over .	-朗尼，他們即將控制全世界
and a woman can take a lot	冰冷 坚硬 又刺眼 Cold and hard and shiny
pretty cute !	哇 漂亮 漂亮
many mistakes before that .	在此之前有很多錯誤 Many mistakes before that.
who do you think he'll sell it to ?	你说他会把那个卖到哪儿去
the president spoke in french before beginning the discussion of the agenda item before us, it our sad duty to pay tribute to the memory of the late president of the united arab emirates, sheikh zayed bin sultan al-nahyan, who passed away tuesday, 2 november 2004 .	主席（以法语发言）：在开始讨论我们面前的议程项目之前，我们要行使一项悲伤的职责，悼念阿拉伯联合酋长国已故总统谢赫 扎耶德 本 苏尔坦 阿勒纳哈扬，他于2004年11月2日星期二去世。
moreover, as a result of globalization, the shift of oil from a strategic good to a commodity is accelerating, further lowering supply security concerns .	此外，由于全球化，石油从一种战略物品向商品的转移正在加速中，进一步降低了对供应保障的关切。
the advisory committee recommends acceptance of the budget assistant post	请设这一员额是为了加强该科支持部队预算需求的能力。
individuals have to build their capacity to have access to the plethora of information that is currently available, to use it effectively in relation to their own needs and to develop analytical, synthetic and communicational skills and, more importantly, to build learning capacities throughout their lifetime .	个人必须建立获得现有纷繁信息的能力、把这种能力有效地用于满足自己的需要、发展分析、综合和交往的技能并且更重要的是建立终身学习能力。
all these activities require time and resources, and should be given priority in order to consolidate the programme as an essential step towards a more efficient delivery of its activities .	所有这些活动需要时间和资源并应该予以优先执行，以便巩固方案，使之成为更有效的执行其活动的关键步骤。
some 190 crew members were taken hostage, 6 kidnapped, 7 killed and 7 missing and presumed dead .	有190名船员被劫为人质，6名船员被绑架，7名船员被杀害，另有7名失踪并被推定死亡。
the present report provides information on the contributions received and the pledges made since the publication of the report to the general assembly, the financial needs for 2004 and the fund-raising activities of the board .	该报告所载资料阐述了董事会在2003年5月12日至28日第二十二届会议上通过的建议以及最近的趋势，尤其述及通过基金为酷刑受害者及其亲属提供的援助以及这种援助对于受惠者的影响。
don't make it tougher on yourself !	我的任务是要杀你和运送解码器
- trying to help .	- 想帮忙啊
it was regrettable that the meeting had been unable to approve the necessary arrangements for the rapid establishment of an implementation support unit .	会议未能为迅速设立执行支助股核可必要的安排，令人遗憾。
what would you have thought, auntie ?	你觉得什么 姑妈？
cepd certificat d' tudes du premier degr level i certificate	CCV： 自愿外科避孕
you lost, lionel ?	迷路了吗 莱奈尔 You lost Lionel?
seoul east asia could learn two valuable lessons from the eurozone crisis . first, do not rush the process of financial and monetary integration and, second, develop adequate institutional frameworks before proceeding .	发自首尔 东亚可以从欧元危机中学到两个宝贵的教益。首先，不要过快推进金融以及货币整合的进程；其次，在实施这一切之前先要制定出合适的体制框架。
united nations forum on forests	联合国森林论坛
tom !	靓汤哥！
fighting this land has no future .	在这儿打拼没什么未来
is it because of what i said ? yes .	- 是因为我说的那些话么
therefore the question of repealing such laws does not arise .	因此，没有撤消这种法律的问题存在。
we've got a stockholders' meeting tomorrow . . . at which we will announce the restructuring of management plan .	明天我们开董事会时 会宣布经营方案的改革
she'll be asleep in just a few minutes .	她在几分钟内就会睡着
whoa !	喔啊
i heard footsteps .	-脚步声
in accordance with the activities foreseen as described in previous reports, the centre organized the three following subregional training workshops	6. 按照以前一些报告中设想的活动，该中心组织了下列三个次区域培训讲习班：
what happened ?	发生什么事？
this transponder that we operate with the european space agency -- it gives us the benefit that every satellite that comes over to calibrate itself is taking a picture .	这是我们与欧洲太空总署一同合作运转的无线电发射接收器 它带给我们利益是，校整每一个接近的卫星系统， 摄下卫星照片。
wanker .	混蛋
that's what tyler was after .	- Tyler就是在找这个
average annual fdi flows to africa had increased ninefold from about 2 billion in the 1980s to about 18 billion in 2003 and 2004, mainly because of new large petroleum and mining projects .	进入非洲的FDI年平均流量增加了9倍，从1980年代的约20亿美元增加到2003年和2004年的180亿美元，这主要是由于新的大型石油和采矿项目。
they fucking give me the hose .	他们拿水管冲我
- mona !	莫娜
bearing in mind the provisions of the vienna declaration and programme of action, which was adopted in june 1993 by the world conference on human rights a conf .157 23 , which provide that all human rights are universal, indivisible and interdependent and interrelated,	铭记世界人权会议1993年6月通过的《维也纳宣言和行动纲领》(A CONF.157 23)的规定，其中规定所有人权都是普遍的、不可分割、相互依存和相互关联的，
we ran the man over with the car . t, himself .	安東尼親自開車撞倒那小子
action taken by the council	理事会采取的行动
available at http www .gefweb .org documents council documents gef c19 c .19 .6 climate change funds .doc .	环境基金，2002年，“关于设立新的气候变化基金的安排”，p.2 可查阅： http: www. gefweb.org Documents Council Documents GEF C19 C.19.6 Climate Change Funds.doc 。
by structural adjustment programmes e c .12 1 add .55, para . 39 , it must be noted that the public authorities are pursuing a social solidarity policy that seeks to expand the access of disadvantaged groups to basic social services and poverty-reduction measures through	33. 关于委员会提出的“缔约国应该采取新的措施，确保对受到结构调整计划影响的脆弱的社会领域必要的社会保护”这一建议（E C.12 1 Add.55，第39段），应该指出，公共当局已经采取了一种稳固的社会战略，目的在于扩大穷困人口获得基础社会服务的范围和战胜贫困，具体方式主要有：
throughout the region, fighting between opposing rebel forces has severely limited access to populations in dire need .	在整个地区，敌对叛乱部队之间的战斗严重限制了向那些境况危急的人提供援助。
this is not my case	这件案不关我事
how did you find out ?	你怎么知道？
it asked whether pakistan is still committed to increasing funding for education .	它询问巴基斯坦是否仍然致力于增加用于教育的资金。
and forget the whole thing, alright ?	就当什么事都没发生过
however, somalia remains one of the most difficult operating environments in the world .	29. 但是索马里仍然是世界上最困难的行动环境之一。
i need the academy behind me to be able to continue .	我需要医学院的鼎力相助 才能继续我手头的工作
you almost got me killed for sixty-five lousy cents !	你差点杀我 为65糟糕美分！
those standards require that the board plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement .	这些准则要求审计委员会制订审计计划和进行审计，以便能对财务报表是否无重大误报获取合理保证。
no, no, we're good here .	我们在这里就行了
she was just shaking .	她整个人都在颤抖 She was just shaking.
ben, you're a nut .	本，你是个怪畸
comments by k .u .l .u .-women and development kvindernes u-landsudvalg to the seventh periodic report on the implementation of cedaw	K.U.L.U. 妇女与发展组织对关于《消除对妇女一切形式歧视公约》执行情况的第七次定期报告的评论。
you give him credit for too much cleverness .	你太夸奖他的聪明
don't worry .	没有关系 就算是来玩的
l endeavour to compile national lists of companies authorized to manufacture, distribute and or trade in precursors, with a view to enhancing means of verification	(l) 努力编制本国前体制造、分销和（或）贸易特许公司名单，以加强有关核查手段；
note by the secretariat containing a list of reports of the joint inspection unit e ac .51 2002 l .3	秘书处载列联合检查组报告清单的说明(E AC.51 2002 L.3)
4 .4 in a presidential statement dated 7 march 2005 s prst 2005 11 , the security council, inter alia, welcomed the efforts of unpos and noted the need to expand the united nations presence as proposed by the secretary-general .	4.4 在2005年3月7日的主席声明（S PRST 2005 11）中，安全理事会除其他外欢迎联索政治处作出努力，并注意到有必要按照秘书长的提议扩大联合国的存在。
you are so lucky .	- 你真幸运
did you say either we get away clean or we kill ourselves ?	你是不是说"不成功 便成仁"
14 .21 the executive director of unep has overall responsibility within the united nations system for providing leadership on environmental policy, assessing the causes and effects of environmental change, identifying emerging issues and catalysing responsive international action .	14.21 环境规划署执行主任在联合国系统内全面负责提供环境政策领导，评估环境变化的原因和影响，识别新出现的问题并促成有针对性的国际行动。
he wondered what the special rapporteur saw as the largest structural issue in solving that problem and, with the growing gap between developed and developing countries, whether he deemed the right-to-food situation in the developing countries to have improved or worsened .	他问，解决这个问题的最大结构性问题是什么。 另外，随着贫富国家差距的拉大，发展中国家的食物权状况是改善了还是恶化了。
as long as the sun rises and sets, as long as there is day and night and for as long as they both shall live .	只要太阳继续升起、落下 只要有黑夜和白昼 只要他们还有一口气在 就一直是这样
agenda item 107 review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the united nations continued	议程项目107：审查联合国行政和财政业务效率（续）
tracked down her favorite wine,	还查到了她最爱的葡萄酒
nice pair of cs .	一對漂亮的C杯胸
yeah, what's wrong with that ?	这是事实。
new approach to audit and repositioning exercise	新的审计方法和重新定位工作
and when you touch them, we can't change them back .	你要是碰到了 我们就还原不了了 And when you touch them we can't change them back.
for 2008, they show that march was the month with the most heat focuses with a total of 529 , followed by february and may with somewhat over 300 .	2008年的图表显示，3月为热聚焦最多的月份（总共有529个），其次为2月和5月（约300个以上）。
maybe it's not vicious at all .	也許這不是不太兇狠的。
but, in all sincerity, the statement made by algeria despite its highly partial nature had value, as its conclusion contained a most commendable phrase a just and lasting solution to the middle east conflict .	但说实在的，阿尔及利亚的发言尽管十分偏颇，仍然是有益的，因为发言结论中有一句话令人赞赏：“公正和持久地解决中东冲突”。
the team or secretariat could also ask the requesting states how implementation had been affected at the end of the process .	监察组或秘书处还可以询问请求国在这个过程结束时执行工作受到哪些影响。
ok, try this .	好吧 看这个
i'm fine .	我没事
while this is legal in almost all countries, the danger lies in the next step, when al-qaida recruiters encourage their online contacts to follow them to chat rooms and into private dialogues in which they encourage their participation in illegal activities .	3. 尽管这些活动在几乎所有国家中都是合法的，但是其下一步隐藏着危险，这就是，基地组织的招募人员鼓励那些通过在线方式与其接触者随其进入在线聊天室，通过秘密对话鼓励他们参加非法活动。
- i do .	- 我做的。
i would also like to thank the secretary-general for honouring us with his presence this morning as we discuss the important issue of sexual violence in conflict areas .	我也感谢秘书长今天上午亲临我们讨论冲突地区性暴力的重要问题的会议。
concluding observations norway	结论性意见：挪威
proper attire is required at all times .	任何时候都要求衣着整洁。
we should encourage those positive trends and try to take further steps in the same direction .	我们应鼓励这些积极的趋势，并努力朝同一方向迈出进一步的步伐。
but the boys in the kitchen are calling it nzt 48 .	不過 那些在廚房里的小伙子都叫它NZT -48
and went into, like . . . this black hole and . . .	我就像这样步入黑暗洞口，
with the decline in fertility in some parts of the world, migration has taken on increased significance, becoming an important component of population growth in many countries .	由于世界一些地区生育率下降，移徙更加重要，成为许多国家人口增长的重要因素。
these included making the regulatory authority independent from the government, bringing the regulatory and reporting standards regarding domestic and captive insurance activities up to the standards of the international association of insurance advisers, and appointing a single regulator for both domestic and offshore banking .	9 报告提出若干有关安圭拉改善其管制环境的建议，其中包括使管理局独立，不受政府控制，并使有关国内及专业自营保险活动的管理和汇报标准符合国际保险顾问协会的标准，并指定一名管理者负责国内和岸外银行业。
the implementation committee at its thirty-seventh meeting was informed that that level corresponded to 0 .045 odp-tonnes .	在第三十七次会议上，履行委员会被告知那一水平为0.045 ODP吨。
ensign diggs did test positive for bubonic, but they got to him in time .	Diggs少尉的鼠疫测试为阳性 但他得到了及时治疗
psychological judo .	心理柔道
- relax, sure .	-放松。 当然
i hardly need to emphasize the importance that the italian government attaches to the decisive action that the council can and must carry out in the framework of the maintenance of international peace and security .	我无需强调的是，意大利政府对安理会在维护国际和平与安全框架内可以并且必须开展的果断行动给予高度重视。
- one !	- 一!
business and industry noted the need for sound governance frameworks and for an enabling environment to develop clear implementation mechanisms defined by type one outcomes .	78. 工商界指出，必须建立妥善施政框架并创造有利环境，设立第一类结果确定的明确执行机制。
it was the one thing trapping kai, and she just gave it to you ?	那是唯一能关住Kai的东西 她就那么给你了?
- excuse me ?	- 请原谅我吗？
here is perhaps another truth about the security council, and about the united nations generally if it is not projecting a powerful message at a particular time, ministers do not pay attention to it .	还要举出关于安全理事会和整个联合国的一项事实：如果它在某个特定时间不发出强有力的信息，部长们不会对它重视。
the document highlighted regional progress and the need to prevent and penalize contemporary manifestations of racism and xenophobia .	文件突出了各区域取得的进展，突出了需要预防和惩治当代形式的种族主义和仇外心理。
i went to vegas 17 times to use it .	并且17次在拉斯维加斯 把它付诸实践
guidance on connexions and teenage pregnancy, as part of the working together' series, was issued in july 2001 .	政府指导文件建议所有小学均应专门针对儿童的年龄以及身心成熟程度制定方案。
to protect him from himself . this is insane .	扼制他自己的冲动，这太离谱了
he'll do exactly as he's told . . . as long as he thinks he'll get his daughter back .	只要他想要他女兒回去
great . why don't we meet at your brother's new restaurant ?	很好 要不我们在你哥哥的新餐馆见不吧?
come here, you fuck !	- 死了，是生气！
following the eu enlargement, new eu members adopted strategies of gradual financial consolidation to prepare for the adoption of a single currency .	欧盟扩大后，新的成员国采取逐步巩固公共财政的战略，为采用单一货币作准备。
mr . leyden .	莱登先生
fucker !	笨蛋！
several general assembly resolutions can also be identified which give coordinating power, for example, to the secretary-general, the emergency relief coordinator or the inter-agency standing committee iasc .	事组织协调职能。 还可发现大会的一些决议也赋予诸如秘书长、 紧急救济协调员 或机构间常设委员会 等进行协调的权力。
executive creative director .	执行创意总监
the board of auditors has previously reiterated its recommendation that unitar, in conjunction with the administration of the united nations and other funds and programmes, review the funding mechanism and targets for end-of-service and post-retirement benefits liabilities .	32. 审计委员会曾经重申其建议，即训研所应与联合国行政当局及其他各基金和方案一起审查服务终了和退休后津贴负债的筹资机制和指标。
- so, this is where the fun begins .	好戏上场了
consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the convention continued	审议缔约国根据《公约》第18条提交的报告（续）
this island-- february 24, 2005 . . .	这一孤岛 2005年2月24日
really thin, look, the way he does this . . . - does this chicken with the red sauce, right ?	用紅醬汁
it'll have to do, then . see you tomorrow .	那我勉为其难拿着了 明天见
wednesday, 11 january 2006, from 10 .30 a .m . to 12 noon in the trusteeship council chamber on the unifem organizational assessment a 60 62-e 2005 10 , chaired by h .r .h . prince zeid ra'ad zeid al-hussein jordan , chairman of the consultative committee of unifem .	2006年1月11日星期三中午12时在托管厅：关于妇发基金结构评估(A 60 62-E 2005 10)，由妇发基金咨询委员会主席扎伊德 拉阿德 扎伊德 侯赛因亲王殿下（约旦）主持。
you seem sad .	你看上去很傷心
india is an example of a country where a wide range of unido programmes are being implemented .	正在执行各种各样的工发组织方案的印度便是一例。
please also provide data on women's access to health facilities .	也请提供关于妇女使用医疗保健设施的数据。
paradoxically, all of this will mean both a great deal in principle and perhaps little in practice . with sharon enjoying a strong public mandate for a moderate policy, israel will be more ready than ever to make a deal with the palestinians, syria, and the arab world in general for a comprehensive diplomatic solution to the conflict .	相互矛盾的是，所有这些在原则上意义重大而在实际上却无足轻重。沙龙享有坚定的民意授权采取温和政策，以色列与以前相比将更为可能同巴勒斯坦人、叙利亚以及整个阿拉伯世界达成协议，为巴以冲突找到全面外交解决方案。
we would also be ready to support consensus based on ambassador c . sanders' food for thought , including the proposed mandate for work on security assurances .	我们还准备支持基于克 桑德斯大使的“思考的食粮”的协商一致，包括拟议中的关于安全保证工作的授权。
liesel !	-莉赛尔
- or will shortly .	或即将。
get out, get out !	出来 出来！
we fully support and respect resolution 1244 1999 in all that it means and expect it to be fully implemented .	我们全力支持和尊重第1244（1999）号决议的全部内容并期望该决议得到全面执行。
i'm givin' you this at 60 percent .	不用了，这里看起来有十万元
18 .11 within escwa, substantive responsibility for this subprogramme is vested in the social development issues and policies division .	18.11 在西亚经社会内，本次级方案的工作主要由社会发展问题和政策司负责。
the executive director stated that the special session on children was only one year away and that there was some concern that adequate funding would not be secured to manage the process .	448. 执行主任说，关于儿童问题的特别会议距今只剩一年，令人关切的是目前还未能筹得足够的资金以推动工作进程。
total size of the enlarged security council	增设两个财政常任理事国。
somebody tell me she's kidding .	拜托告诉我她是在开玩笑
cooperation between the united nations and the pacific islands forum	61 48. 联合国同太平洋岛屿论坛的合作
i'm really sorry .	我真的很抱歉
requirements	1. 需求
a how each concrete result specified in the strategy will be achieved	(a) 如何实现战略所规定的每项具体成果；
office space no longer needed by unmik is being made available to eulex .	科索沃特派团不再需要的办公空间将提供给欧盟驻科法治团。
rwanda did not, however, have the resources to meet the costs involved, including the salaries and allowances for defence counsel, interpreters and translators, the construction of detention facilities and the modernization of existing court facilities and offices .	然而，卢旺达缺乏满足所涉费用的资源，这些费用包括辩护律师和翻译的薪金和补贴，拘押设施的建设和现有法院设施和办公室的现代化。
don't you have a case to solve ?	你不是有个事情要做吗?
in early 2009, the gef secretariat contracted pwc to conduct a comparative analysis of the initial assessment submitted by the gef agencies and to prepare a final report for presentation to the gef council in may 2009 .	2009年初，环境基金秘书处与普华永道签订合约，委托后者对环境基金各机构提交的初步评估进行比较分析，并编制一份最后报告，在2009年5月提交给全球环境基金理事会。
please give me something to eat	请给些食物！
my fourth point concerns piracy .	我的第四点涉及海盗行径。
i dreamed that l that i killed you and danny .	冠 炳
interesting fellow, your friend .	你的朋友很有趣
of the 26 goals pertaining to mexico that were adopted at the 1990 world summit, mexico has fully achieved 20 .	在1990年世界首脑会议通过的同墨西哥有关的26项目标中，墨西哥已经完全实现了20项目标。
in many countries the emphasis on basic education to the virtual neglect of higher education severely weakened capacity-building at critical levels in an increasingly knowledge-based world economy .	在许多国家，因为着重于基础教育，实际上忽略了高等教育，在关键层次上严重削弱了在日益加重的全球知识经济中的能力建设。
animal predation appears to account for most of the tissue loss .	大部分组织丢失似乎是动物捕食引起的
you're in ?	你信教了?
her group was puzzled at the recommendations of the advisory committee regarding compliance with resolution 59 276, as unitar had apparently fulfilled the resolution's request regarding the level of training .	77国集团对咨询委员会关于遵守第59 276号决议的建议感到困惑，因为训研所显然已经执行了该决议关于训练水平的请求。
a little bit of this .	一点这样子
the questionnaire covered policy and organizational issues and explored other pertinent gender-mainstreaming elements such as resource allocation, training and capacity-building, gender impact assessment in national environmental polices and programmes, as well as the use of gender-specific indicators in environmental sectors .	该份问答卷包含了政策和组织方面的问题，并且探讨了其他有关性别主流化的内容，例如资源分配、培训与能力建设、国家环境政策与方案对性别的影响的评估、以及在环境部门采用具体性别指标的问题。
at its 5744th meeting, on 19 september 2007, the security council decided to invite the representative of afghanistan to participate, without vote, in the discussion of the item entitled the situation in afghanistan .	2007年9月19日，安全理事会第5744次会议决定邀请阿富汗代表参加对题为“阿富汗局势”的项目的讨论，但无表决权。
we also wish to draw attention to the fact that in the security council mission's report and in mr . vieira de mello's briefing repeated reference has been made to cooperation with the indonesian government .	我们还希望提请注意一个事实，那就是安全理事会代表团的报告和比埃拉 德梅洛先生的情况介绍都反复提及与印度尼西亚政府的合作。
thirteen joint assessment missions and three training sessions to improve the quality of the missions were conducted as part of the wfp unhcr joint work plan .	作为粮食计划署 难民署联合工作计划的一部分，已经派出了13个联合评估团并举办了3期培训班以提高评估团的质量。
because of the potential inequity that may result when one creditor group is forced to share assets and liabilities with other creditors of another group member that may be less solvent, these remedies are not universally available, generally not comprehensive and apply only in restricted circumstances .	20. 由于强迫一类债权人与偿债能力较差的另一集团公司成员的其他债权人共有资产和分担债务可能造成不公平的情况，这些救济办法并非普遍采用，一般来说不是全面采用的，只是在有限情形下适用。
e . information and communication technology policy coordination activities of the administrative committee on coordination	E. 行政协调委员会信息和通信技术政策协调活动
the establishment of clinics or use of areas in existing family planning clinics, to allow women's access to safe services and pre-and post-abortion counselling .	医疗从业人员诊断孕妇的母子安全状况的权利 要确定相应的标准，以保证由训练有素的从业医师在经过消毒和安全条件下实施堕胎，并且允许专业人员将相关妇女介绍到较大的医疗设施，如果发生意料不到的并发症，不必担心受到惩罚 要建立适当诊所或利用现有计划生育诊所的工作区，使相关妇女得到安全服务和堕胎前后的咨询
she added up her breast ?	人家隆胸呀
the first problem is being a rasta .	第一个问题正在成为一个拉斯塔。
e to aim at, in addition to bilateral cooperation, providing all possible support and assistance to the developing countries and their media, public, private or other, with due regard to their interests and needs in the field of information and to action already adopted within the united nations system, including	(e) 除双边合作外，力求在适当顾及各发展中国家及其公营、民营或其他传播媒介在新闻领域内所关注的事项和需求以及在联合国系统内已采取的行动的情况下，向它们提供一切可能的支助和援助，包括：
the two countries call upon all the congolese parties to continue to participate in the finalizing of the power-sharing agreement through the follow-up committee set up by the facilitator .	7. 两国吁请刚果各方继续通过调解人成立的后续委员会参与最终确定分享权力的协定。
actually, i, uh . . .	实际上 我 呃
a ministry of justice	(a) 司法部
the initiative will establish national hubs for information exchange and a national reporting mechanism for the convention, and give guidance on national priorities within coastal and marine management in preparation for the convention's work programme for 2007-2009 .	这一举措将建立国家信息交流中心和国家的《公约》报告机制，并指导沿海和海洋管理方面的国家优先安排，为2007-2009年《公约》工作方案作准备。
gonna try a nighttime hit .	他们准备夜间行动
well, did you blow it up or not ?	到底有没有炸？
diplomatic	外交
membership, between 2003 and 2004, to the ngo committee on youth of the conference of non-governmental organizations congo in geneva .	1. 2003-2004年期间，日内瓦非政府组织会议非政府组织青年委员会成员。
you didn't look very wicked .	你看起来不会死很坏
women have suffered, above all, from the negative effects of the occupation of 20 per cent of azerbaijani territory as a result of armenian aggression, the presence of over a million refugees and internally displaced persons and the difficulties of the transitional period .	最突出的表现是，由于亚美尼亚的侵略，有20 的阿塞拜疆领土被占领，出现了100多万难民和国内流离失所者群体，以及转型期的重重困难，所有这些都对妇女造成了影响。
for the text, see chapter ii, section b, decision 2005 114 .	案文见第二章B节，第2005 114号决定。
during the week ending 9 april 2005 the security council took action on the following items	在2005年4月9日终了的一周内，安全理事会对下列项目采取了行动：
the general principle on which the act is based is that the employer is to obtain an employment permit for the foreign national before the latter comes to iceland .	该法依据的一般原则是，外国人来冰岛之前，雇主要为他获得就业许可证。
20 the credit union difference, vol . 7, no . 1 world council of credit unions, april 2005 .	20 《the Credit Union Difference》，vol.7 No.1（世界信用社理事会 2005年4月）。
decides to remain seized of the matter .	决定继续处理此案。
corrigendum	更正
the other thing that's changed for me most since the shooting is that . . .	槍擊案在某一方面改變了我很多
next, madam, we arrive in the holy land .	下一个站到圣城，夫人
he recalled that the economic and social council had a long tradition of bringing different constituencies and sectors to the same table .	他回顾说，让不同的支持者和部门汇聚一堂进行磋商是经济及社会理事会一贯的传统。
delegations had expressed their wish to convene a session of the ad hoc committee in the spring of 2007, with informal contacts continuing in the meantime .	各代表团表示希望在2007年春季召开一次特设委员会会议，同时继续进行非正式接触。
the russian delegation fully shares the report's assessments and conclusions .	俄罗斯代表团完全同意报告的估价和结论。
new york, 5 july-1 august 2000	2000年7月5日至8月1日，纽约
similarly, the support of unep and its partners has contributed to the operationalization of the action plan for the environment initiative of nepad .	同样，环境规划署及其伙伴的支助促进了新伙伴关系《环境倡议行动计划》的运作。
how's your retirement ?	说一说退伍以后你过得怎么样？
taking into account that in its resolution 46, the general conference of the united nations educational, scientific and cultural organization recommended that the general assembly proclaim 2010 the international year for the rapprochement of cultures,	考虑到联合国教育、科学及文化组织大会在其决议46中建议大会宣布2010年为国际文化和睦年，
i think you've trained him about as well as you trained your son .	我猜你曾像训练自己的儿子一样去训练他
just hit me .	刚打了我。
terms of reference	职权范围
significant quantities subsequently passed through c te d'ivoire and burkina faso, probably for sale to south african and european buyers .	随后有可观的数量穿越了科特迪瓦和布基纳法索，可能是销售给南非和欧洲的买主。
it is recommended that national monitoring mechanisms for indigenous communities to report abuses and neglect of the health system to national health authorities should be set up and the legal framework to effectively address those issues should be put in place .	40. 建议建立国家监测机制，让土著社区向国家卫生当局报告滥用和忽略卫生制度的情事，并确定有效解决这些问题的法律框架。
stop .	停 拖腿
did you watch it come down ?	你们看到它掉下来?
luc, mind if i take a peek ?	能不能给我看一下？
article 36 1	第36条第1款
e forensic medicine adoption of texts, prepared several years ago, concerning the independent status of the institute of forensic medicine and its operation	法律协助：负责起草法案的工作组也拟订了司法部的行动规划，在这方面，独立专家希望考虑提供司法协助、特别是由Cap Ha tien法律协助办公室所开展的试验。
it was also said that any issue not covered in recommendation 136 e .g . enforcement was addressed in subsequent recommendations e .g . 149 .	另据指出，凡是未在建议136中论及的问题（如执行问题），都在其后的各条建议中涉及（如建议149）。
the united nations development programme undp focused on rural land development, road construction, production inputs for farmers, irrigation schemes, and rehabilitation of damaged infrastructure, generating some 17,500 temporary rural jobs in the process .	联合国开发计划署（开发署）把重点放在农村土地开发、道路修建、农民生产投入、灌溉计划以及整修被破坏的基础设施，并在这个过程中创造了大约17 500个临时性的农业工作。
the united nations girls' education initiative, launched by the secretary-general at the world education forum in dakar in 2000, has engaged a broad range of partnerships of united nations agencies, bilateral organizations and civil society groups .	69. 联合国各机构、双边组织和民间社会团体的广泛伙伴关系参加了秘书长在2000年达喀尔世界教育论坛上发起的《联合国女童教育倡议》。
it is a tree that grows in the nethermost part of hell .	它是在火獄底生長的一棵樹，
requests the executive director, as a matter of priority, to undertake the necessary steps regarding coordination mechanisms as provided for in section v of the bali strategic plan for technology support and capacity-building	3. 请执行主任按照《巴厘技术支持和能力建设战略计划》第五节，作为优先事项，针对协调机制问题采取各种必要的步骤；
management is making provision to reinforce undp participation in existing mechanisms for inter-agency coordination to strengthen countries statistical capacity as the basis for improving global data sources .	12. 管理层正采取措施，使开发计划署进一步参与现有机制开展的机构间协调工作，加强国家统计能力，进而为改进全球数据来源奠定基础。
369 the report will be issued in august .	第四届会议
freedoms of religion and belief, expression, association and peaceful assembly, and right to participate in public and political life	5. 宗教和信仰自由、言论自由、结社自由、和平 集会自由，以及公共和政治生活参与权
the deliberations will contribute also to other international processes, initiatives and programmes relating to water, sanitation and human settlements .	本届会议的讨论和议事工作亦将进一步推动与水、卫生和人类住区综合领域相关的其他国际进程、举措和方案。
keep that out .	放下那個
speakers are therefore encouraged, whenever possible, to provide copies of their statements, as early as possible in advance of delivery, to the conference officer in the chamber .	因此鼓励发言者凡可能时都尽早向会议厅内的会议干事提供发言稿。
this place is dead .	这个地方是死了。
yes, he is one of the most open-handed art collectors in the whole of america .	唔 他可是美國出手最闊綽的 藝術品收藏家之一.
-see y'all later . -see you .	-待會見
do you want to give me the umbrella ?	能给我伞吗?
permission to speak on the closure of the debate shall be accorded only to two speakers opposing the closure, after which the motion shall be immediately put to the vote .	应只允许两名反对结束辩论的人就结束辩论的问题发言，然后立即将该动议付诸表决。
further comments on the issue of training are contained in its general report on peacekeeping .	委员会关于维持和平行动的一般性报告载有关于培训问题的进一步评论。
assistance for the drafting and implementation of legislation to promote and protect human rights	1．协助起草和实施促进和保护人权的法律
10 cop .8 date and venue of the seventh session of the committee for the review of the implementation of the convention	10 COP.8 《公约》执行情况审评委员会第七届会议的日期和地点
in accordance with the rules of procedure of the board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later .	根据理事会议事规则，更正可在接到本文件或届会闭幕（以日期较晚者为准）后七天内提出。
i'm sorry, what's the name of this third world banana republic you claim to be from ?	不好意思 你那儿是哪个 第三世界香蕉之国来着?
mr . boies, mr . boies .	博伊斯先生 博伊斯先生
yeah . . .	我也可以这样整你
it goes without saying that this refers not to a state or an international organization which withdraws from a treaty, but to one which withdraws its reservation .	不用说，这里指的不是从条约中退出的国家或国际组织，而是撤回保留的国家或国际组织。
he also contributed specific proposals designed to ensure that the special court for sierra leone, which is being established to help bring justice and lasting peace, is designed to protect children who might appear in the proceedings as victims, witnesses and possibly as perpetrators .	他还提出具体建议，以确保正在成立的旨在促进实现正义和永久和平的塞拉利昂问题特别法庭保护在诉讼中作为受害者、证人或犯罪者的身份出庭的儿童。
damantha oh .	-天哪
okay . these are steve maddens .	- Penny 阿蘭 圖靈定義算法為...
thought your little suit idea was so slick .	你穿这身衣服真逊
i'd get whipped if they found me in here .	我要是被發現來這裡就會挨鞭子 I'd get whipped if they found me in here.
you don't need to do anything, lucius .	那你不用再为我做什么了
well, why don't you say that to my face ?	为什么你不对着我的脸说话?
experience had shown that terrorism knew no frontiers and that no country was immune to acts of terror .	经验表明，恐怖主义是没有疆界，而且任何国家都无法免于恐怖行为。
hurry !	快点
in some cases, they perform a general advisory function and the insolvency representative may refer matters to the creditors, but will not be bound by any decision they take .	在某些情况下，债权人履行一般的咨询职能，破产代表可以把事项提交债权人，但却不受其所作任何决定的约束。
we kill and they kill us, nothing changes .	我们杀人 他们也会杀我们的人 什么都改变不了
ra 7875, or the national health insurance act of 1995, has specifically identified women as one of the vulnerable and disadvantaged groups that should be covered and provided medical benefits .	第7875号共和国法令，即《1995年国家健康保险法》，专门把妇女定为应该由医疗福利所涵盖的易受伤害的弱势群体之一，并规定要向其提供医疗福利。
come on, diskant . you've worked for homicide before .	别这样，迪斯肯特 你试想下我的处境看看
jan is dying .	杨快死了
1 . a state is entitled to exercise diplomatic protection in respect of a person who was a national of that state continuously from the date of injury to the date of the official presentation of the claim . continuity is presumed if that nationality existed at both these dates .	1. 一国有权对从发生损害之日到正式提出求偿之日持续为其国民的人行使外交保护。如果在上述两个日期该人都持有该国籍，则推定该国籍是持续的。
there is a need for international assistance to enable meaningful funding to be provided in support of alternative development programmes in afghanistan, in order to address the increased opium poppy cultivation .	13. 有必要提供国际援助，以便能为支助阿富汗替代发展方案提供大量资金，从而解决罂粟种植与日俱增的问题。
the panel notes that the claimant did not provide any accounts for its branch in iraq for the financial periods ending prior to iraq's invasion and occupation of kuwait .	128. 小组注意到，索赔人没有就其伊拉克办事处截至伊拉克入侵和占领科威特之前财务期的情况提供任何说明。
a serious debate needs to be conducted on the wisdom of overwhelming reliance on military measures, necessitating exaggerated arms build-ups, in countering terrorism, to the exclusion of the very causes which trigger such reprehensible actions .	需要认真辩论在反恐怖主义领域过于偏重军事措施造成军备过度扩大，从而忽视了引发令人憎恶的恐怖主义行为的根源是否明智。
the adoption of a human rights-based approach by united nations specialized agencies, programmes and bodies will greatly facilitate implementation of the right to education .	特别报告员在向人权委员会提交的初步报告中提到：初等教育应展现四项基本特征：可提供性、可获取性、可接受性、和可调适性(E CN. 4 1999 49 第50段)。
on that basis, draft article 6 incorporated the principle of effective and dominant nationality and set aside the principle of non-responsibility, an approach with which she fully agreed .	在此基础上，第6条草案纳入了有效和主要国籍原则，同时抛开了无责任原则，对这种处理方式她表示完全赞同。
- vampires growling vampire screaming	- 这是我的身体
that's a line in the sand we cannot cross .	这是我党的原则问题 没得谈的
we're sure that's the case, but what mr . joss is in fact asking--	那个自然了，不过，实际上乔斯先生问的是
and also because the new proprietor is quite handsome .	还有个原因是新房东长得帅呆了 And also because the new proprietor is quite handsome.
member states, intergovernmental organizations and international non-governmental organizations had embraced the conceptual framework developed by the programme on ageing to facilitate exploration of a society for all ages, which was built on a four-dimensional framework, comprising the situation of older persons, lifelong individual development, multigenerational relationships and the interplay between population ageing and development as described below .	会员国、政府间组织、国际非政府组织欢迎老龄化方案研订的关于加速探讨建立不分年龄人人共享的社会的概念框架。 这个框架是以四个方面框架为基础：老年人的处境、个人的终生发展、多代之间的关系以及人口老化与发展的相互影响，叙述如下。
adopted without a vote .	[未经表决获得通过。
ibid .	40 同上。
it will restore hope for a more peaceful, secure and prosperous future . it deserves everybody’s support .	核裁军可以恢复人们对更为和平、安全和繁荣未来的希望。它理应得到所有人的支持。
grunts i'm turning into a stud here .	我这里变成螺柱。
what guys are gonna wanna date you under those conditions ?	就这样有谁会和你约会?
the council is looking forward to discussing the findings of that mission in the very near future .	安理会期待着在不久的将来讨论这次出访的调查结果。
the chair and the vice-chair must be selected from the 14 executive committee members .	执行委员会的主席和副主席必须从执行委员会的14名成员中选出。
japan extended its warmest thanks to neighbouring countries that had agreed to host the millions of refugees .	日本热忱感谢那些接受了几百万难民的邻国。
many developing countries, particularly in sub-saharan africa, have little chance of achieving the millennium development goals by the target date, unless significant additional resources are made available .	许多发展中国家，特别是撒哈拉以南非洲的国家，按预计日期实现《千年发展目标》的可能性微乎其微，除非得到大量额外的资源。
are you okay, nami-san ?	甊
in the nineteenth century, the united states restricted foreign investment in several sectors, including finance . today, both the us and the european union keep a close watch on international acquisitions .	这样的建议丝毫不值得大惊小怪。归根结蒂，发达国家也经历过类似的阶段。19世纪时，美国对若干行业的外资进行了限制，金融行业也名列其中。今天，美国和欧盟都对国际兼并进行严格的兼管，而亚洲新兴国家也放弃了纯粹的自由发展模式。即便是经济自由化之王爱尔兰现在也开始更有选择地进行吸收。
women are crazy .	这个女人是疯了。"
the islamic republic of iran categorically rejects the baseless and unsubstantiated allegations raised in the aforementioned letters and considers them as deliberate attempts to distract the international community's attention from the israeli regime's acts of state terrorism, war crimes and aggression that have persistently threatened peace and security in the region for so many decades .	伊朗伊斯兰共和国断然否认上述信函所载的毫无根据和内容空洞的指控，认为以色列提出这些指控，是为了转移国际社会的注意力，掩盖以色列政权几十年来长期进行的威胁本地区和平与安全的国家恐怖主义行为、战争罪行和侵略行为。
alive ?	活著?
approximately 1,800 royal cambodian air force instructors, 900 police trainers and 150 gendarmerie personnel were trained over the period january to june 2000 .	在2000年1月至6月期间大约有1 800名柬埔寨皇家武装部队的讲解员，900名警察培训员和150名皇家宪兵人员接受了培训。
klara . . .	克拉萝
mr egerman and i wish to be alone .	我想两个人单独一会
four or five pharmaceutical companies have noticed this, felt that would be interesting drug for the human market, and that's just one of the 30,000 genes that affect our biochemistry .	四五个制药公司已经注意到了这一点。 觉得这将会 称为市场上非常有趣的药品， 而那只是30 000个影响 我们生物化学的基因中的一个。
somebody wanted 50 ccs of me for proof of kill .	有人想拿我的血去证明我死了
plus, when we first met, penny warned me never to get into a car alone with you .	再加上我们刚认识的时候 Penny警告我 别单独上你的车
so no one can find us .	668) 克拉斯诺亚尔斯克 谁也找不到我们的踪迹
welcoming the efforts of, and the substantial progress made by, the secretary-general and the government of cambodia towards the establishment of extraordinary chambers within the existing court structure of cambodia hereinafter referred to as extraordinary chambers , with international assistance, for the prosecution of crimes committed during the period of democratic kampuchea,	欢迎秘书长和柬埔寨政府作出努力并取得重大进展在国际协助下在柬埔寨现有法院结构内设立特别法庭（下称“特别法庭”），起诉民主柬埔寨时期所实施的罪行，
first, what are the prospects for convincing those factions which have agreed to participate in the transitional government to lay down their arms and to begin work in earnest to form a unified national army ?	首先，说服那些已同意参加过渡政府的派系放下武器并为组建一支统一国家军队而展开认真努力的前景如何？
so glad you two are done fighting .	太好了你们终于吵完了 So glad you two are done fighting.
uh-huh !	- 在
the advisory committee had been at the centre of change in the format and presentation of united nations budgets and would continue that tradition when it reviewed the proposals on results-based budgeting .	31. 咨询委员会一直处于联合国预算格式和编制方式变化的中心，并将在审查关于按成果编制预算的提议时继续保持这种传统。
table concluded external debt of developing countries and countries in transition	资料来源：世界银行，《2002年全球发展融资》（2002年，华盛顿）和贸发会议《统计手册》，光盘。
it is further concerned at the fact that only a limited number of hiv-infected children have access to antiretroviral medication .	委员会还表示关切的是，只有数量有限受艾滋病毒感染的儿童可获得抗逆转录酶药物。
let me now just draw attention, very briefly, to some of the major current and recurrent problems facing the international community .	我现在只想非常简短地提请注意国际社会所面临的一些重大的现实和反复出现的问题。
he must have great connections !	看来你这个后台可真是了不起啊
moreover, in its resolution 2004 46, the commission emphasized that violence against women and girls increases their vulnerability to hiv aids, that hiv infection further increases women's vulnerability to violence, and that violence against women contributes to the conditions fostering the spread of hiv aids .	此外，委员会在第2004 46号决议中强调，暴力侵害妇女和女童使她们感染艾滋病毒 艾滋病的可能性增大，并且感染艾滋病毒使妇女更容易遭受暴力侵害，而暴力侵害妇女助长了艾滋病毒 艾滋病传播的条件。
girls ? yeah ?	真巧啊 我是领主
my delegation is supportive of the broad thrust of the recommendations contained in the report of the monitoring mechanism relating to arms and military equipment, travel and representation, diamonds and finance, and transport .	我国代表团支持监测机制报告中所载同武器和军事设备、旅行和代表权、钻石和财政以及运输等有关的各项建议的广泛方向。
what are you waiting for ?	你在等什麽？
fuck . my bad, yo, my bad .	靠，我的错，兄弟，我的错
jesus christ, you can't live without me .	还有更该死的，你没有我就不能活
you speak english ?	你说英语吗？
staff development needs are met through a combination of centrally coordinated programmes, aimed at building core and managerial competencies and a shared organizational culture and values, and decentralized programmes to merit specific substantive and technical training needs .	59. 由于图书馆综合信息系统项目已比大会1992 1993两年期时核准的时间大大推迟，行政当局应确保立即全面执行。
substantive issues equality before the law and equal protection of the law	实质性问题：法律面前人人平等以及受法律的平等保护
i chop !	我砍！
like you and young-eon .	就像你和英羽
- keep still .	- 别乱动
- is dream come true ?	- 的确是! 梦想成真了么?
in his previous reports, the special rapporteur addressed two important issues in this regard .	特别报告员在先前的报告中谈到这方面的两项重要问题。
vague and abstract keywords, such as analysis, advocacy, expertise or sciences are also used .	名册中还使用含糊和抽象的关键词，如分析、倡导、专门知识或科学等等。
at last we are alone .	最后我们两个人。
come inside . there's food .	进来吧 吃点东西
official records of the general assembly, fifty-ninth session, supplement no . 6 and corrigendum a 59 6 rev .1 and corr .1 .	《大会正式记录，第五十九届会议，补编第6号》和更正（A 59 6 Rev.1和Corr.1）。
the government of iraq would like to state that, in its desire to eliminate the practice of prostitution in the light of its incompatibility with the social values prevailing in the community and the provisions of the islamic shariah, it promulgated the suppression of prostitution law law no . 8 of 1988 , as amended .	伊拉克政府申明，由于卖淫不符合整个伊拉克社会的价值观和伊斯兰教法的规定，政府希望消灭卖淫行为，于是颁布了经修正的《惩治卖淫法》（1988年第8号法令）。
review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the general assembly at its tenth special session	审查大会第十届特别会议通过的建议和决定的执行情况
thank you so much .	谢谢你这么多。
letter dated 26 january 2009 from the acting chairperson of the peacebuilding commission addressed to the permanent representative of egypt to the united nations	2009年1月26日建设和平委员会代理主席给埃及常驻联合国代表的信
two heads on a pillow . all is approval .	"同床共枕 夫唱妇随...
at the same time, having come up against opposition from the puerto ricans, and being convinced that the referendum would go against him, the president of the united states had been obliged to announce its cancellation .	同时，美国总统在遭到波多黎各人反对并深信公民投票将对他不利之后，不得不宣布取消公民投票。
the bureau will be composed of 21 members elected by the assembly art . 112, para .	24. 主席团由大会选举的21个成员组成（第一百一十二条，第三款(a)项）。
unctad conducted a workshop in addis ababa ethiopia in october 1999 for african insurance trainers and educators, which led to the establishment of an african association of insurance training institutes .	贸发会议在毛里塔尼亚帮助进行需求评价，并进行一个有关制定有效的保险管理和监督框架的项目。
the proposals were put together in the period 2000-2001 .	11. 有关建议是在2000年至2001年期间拟订的。
report of the international narcotics control board for 2004 united nations publication, sales no .	3 《国际麻醉品管制局2004年报告》（联合国出版物，出售品编号：E.05.XI.3）。
we have an appointment to see the korean woman .	我们约了来见朝鲜女人
he therefore urged delegations to support it .	他因此敦促各国代表团予以支持。
just, you know, taking in the sights, buying a ween .	你也懂的 看看风景 买个热狗
my heart is pounding !	弄得我心扑通扑通乱跳
design safety considerations for launch, normal operations and mission accidents .	3. 发射、正常运作和飞行事故方面的设计安全考虑。
but more work is needed to formulate counter-cyclical macroeconomic policies that can promote stability in all phases of the business cycle and to adopt such policies as the framework for international financial cooperation .	但是，要制定遏制周期性波动的宏观经济政策，促进商业周期的各个阶段的稳定性，要采纳这些政策作为国际金融合作的框架，还有很多工作有待完成。
2 .b . minimum wage-fixing	2.b. 确定最低工资
the principle that it is central to operational activities has yet to be fully operationalized by the system .	关于能力建设为业务活动的中心所在的原则尚未在联合国系统得到充分实施。
well, that's not surprising . she's a kid .	他们能帮我们把这些病人藏起来
cuban .	古巴雪茄
the assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 182 .	大会现在结束本阶段关于议程项目182的审议工作。
hey, there goes the pussy posse .	嘿，有去的猫成一团。
call me, we'll meet .	给我打电话，我们见面
for some reason, they're jammed .	所以造成了震動
boner is very . . .	-鲸骨是...
merci .	并且你的乳房就像着火一样
only the asshole panicked when he heard sirens . left opie behind .	那个混蛋听到警车的警笛声惊慌失措 地驾车跑了，留下了Opie在那里.
the reports, with one exception, do not specifically indicate whether at the time of the adoption of any decision, a majority of the members were present .	除一次例外情况以外，报告未具体表明，在通过每项决定时，是否有过半数成员国出席。
both engines indicate 50 rpm .	诀 牧50锣
without ordering or paying ?	不用点餐或付钱吗
on the other hand, it was stated that the preparation of an analytical table on unilateral acts would entail a great deal of effort, possibly with rather disappointing results and that the question at issue was exactly which unilateral acts the commission should study .	8. 另一方面，也有委员说，就单方面行为制作一个分析表格需要花费大量的时间，其作用也许会令人失望；实际上要处理的问题恰恰是委员会应研究哪些单方面行为。
shigeko ! shigeko !	阿嫂
it was pointed out by some delegations that transparent, participatory processes, in both the development and implementation phases of ebm, had proven useful when reconciling different views among the scientific community in the diagnoses of challenges faced by ecosystems and in devising solutions .	59. 一些代表团指出，事实证明，在基于生态系统的管理的制定和实施阶段，当科学界在研究生态系统所面临的挑战并制定解决办法的过程中产生分歧并需要调和时，透明和参与性过程十分重要。
the muslim world league, based in saudi arabia, submitted that it had been working vigorously to fight towards the elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance .	35. 总部设在沙特阿拉伯的世界穆斯林联盟报告说，它一直在大力开展工作，以争取消除种族主义、种族歧视、仇外心理和有关不容忍行为。
today the security council is looking into the situation in the occupied palestinian territories, including east jerusalem, at a time when the conditions in those territories are deteriorating because of the israeli practices that target the palestinian people .	今天，安全理事会正在审视包括东耶路撒冷的被占领巴勒斯坦领土的局势，因为在这时候，由于以色列采用针对巴勒斯坦人民的各种行为，这些领土内的局势日渐恶化。
the initiative for such contacts came from both the subcommittee and national preventive mechanisms, some of which asked the subcommittee for assistance .	这类联系活动的倡议来自于小组委员会和国家防范机制，因为有的机制请求小组委员会提供援助。
the decision to extend existing desks beyond the two-year period and or open new desks will be based primarily on the interest of the recipient country and the agreement of the undp country office to host the desk, and be at full cost to unido .	是否将现有的两年期服务台加以延期和（或）开设新服务台，这一决定将主要取决于接受国是否感兴趣，以及开发计划署国别办事处是否同意接受服务台，服务台将由工发组织承担其全部费用。
c promoting and facilitating the mobilization of financial resources from international sources, including united nations agencies, the world bank, regional development banks and bilateral donors, for human settlements development in general and slum upgrading in particular, in accordance with the millennium declaration target of significantly improving the lives of at least 100 million slum-dwellers by 2020 .	(c) 依照《千年宣言》关于在2020年以前大幅度改善至少1亿贫民窟居住者的生活这项目标，促进和便利向国际来源，包括联合国机构、世界银行、各
it was also important to reduce the number of victims of small arms, of whom there were about half a million every year .	65. 每年死于小武器和轻武器的人数约有50万，减少这一人数也很重要。
i just- - i saw the campfires and i heard the other kids' voices in the night .	边 縐縉 犁 钮 舧 羘
the inspectors consider the status of this recommendation as work in progress .	“检查员认为本建议的状况为“正在执行之中”。
my husband was a fag .	我的丈夫是个同性恋。 My husband was a fag.
no .	Hoo I am...
b compulsory environmental impact assessments for development projects affecting mangroves or areas adjacent to them	(b) 对影响红树或邻近地区的发展项目进行强制性的环境影响评估；
as evidenced by your boyfriend and his fear of hamsters .	看你的男人怕仓鼠就知道了
pussy, pussy .	娘们 出来
recently, israel has razed 180 dunums of agricultural land in the east jerusalem village of al-jib .	最近，以色列在东耶路撒冷的村庄Al-Jib夷平了180德南的农田。
the world bank, through tals and lils, provided 280 .5 million, or 36 .2 per cent, of the group's 1999 expenditure .	通过技援贷款和学创贷款，世界银行提供了2.805亿贷款，即该集团1999年支出的36.2 。
where necessary, such measures should be directed at women subjected to intersectional discrimination, including rural women .	如有必要，应针对受交叉歧视的妇女，包括农村妇女，采取此类措施。
mr . okuda japan said that japan had always been a staunch supporter of peacekeeping operations .	85. Okuda先生（日本）说，日本一直是维和行动坚定的支持者。
utah license plate 39l66v .	. 犹他州牌照 号码是39L66V.
how much is the rental ?	租金多少？
for instance this beautiful girl here	如果 这位漂亮的小姐
in conclusion he said that the government of ecuador was in favour of holding the next space conference of the americas in 2006 in ecuador .	54. 最后，发言人通报说，厄瓜多尔政府正在积极审议2006年下一次美洲空间会议在厄瓜多尔召开的问题。
article 3 of this act provides penalties ranging from one month to three years of imprisonment for persons belonging to organizations, or who engage in propaganda, based on ideas or theories of racial or other superiority aiming to justify or promote racial and religious discrimination of any kind .	该法的第3条规定，任何人所参加的组织或其本人若宣传种族优越思想或理论或其他这类优越论，为任何种族或宗教歧视行为提供根据或倡导这类行为，须处以一个月至三年徒刑。
i suppose that has to be enough for people who live as we live . back home i'd have courted you and send you flowers .	这又不是难事
ultimately, the united nations, as mandated in resolution 1483 2003 , is a resource at the disposal of the iraqi people, whose interests are at the forefront of all our work .	按照第1483（2003）号决议的授权，联合国最终还是伊拉克人民可使用的资源，我们在各项工作中都把伊拉克人民的利益放在首位。
- yeah, just like you are read now .	-啊，你现在会阅读了。
godfather ?	教父
negotiations took place on the preparatory committee's work programme, on the definition of clusters, and on the earmarking of specific periods of time for nuclear disarmament, prohibition of the production of fissile material and the resolution on the middle east .	就筹委会的工作计划、分类定义和就核裁军、禁止生产裂变材料的具体期限等作出了规定并就有关中东的决议进行了谈判。
butch cassidy and the undance kid	虎豹小霸王
i know we pay exorbitant premiums .	我只知道我们的保费太高了
in 2006, 46,700 foreign persons obtained swiss nationality just over half were women 24,350 .	214. 2006年，46 700名外国人获得了瑞士国籍；其中女性人数略微多于半数（24 350名）。
medical rehabilitation	医疗康复
i want to finish, but i don't want anything real bad to happen, either .	而且我实在不想发生不好的事
the solutions the government should pursue remain unchanged from the previous years . they are	政府应采取与前几年相同的解决办法。
come in comrade zhurov .	请进，Zhurov同志 我们找到一些
succession croatia 23 september 2003 1	继承：克罗地亚（2003年9月23日）1
at its 6th meeting, on 9 december, having considered a proposal by the chair, the sbi recommended a draft decision on this subject fccc sbi 2003 l .19 for adoption by the cop at its ninth session . article 6 of the convention	37. 在12月9日举行的第6次会议上，履行机构审议主席的提案后，提出了该议题的决定草案(FCCC SBI 2003 L.19)，供缔约方会议第九届会议通过。
i have the power to break him into pieces just like that statue .	我通过诅咒 让他的身体变成和这饺子雕像一样四分五裂
okay . how about you ?	好的，你呢？
if i didn't yell i love you loudly at that moment	如果当时我不是大喊"我爱你"
i'm fine .	没事，没事
though i have to admit, even i can't explain it .	雖然我得承認甚至無法解釋
in this connection, i trust that the third committee will proceed accordingly .	在这一方面，我相信第三委员会将据此行事。
huh, homey ? if they pass through that arch, they come out clean .	通过拱门就没罪
by letter dated 23 november 1999, sent in conjunction with the special rapporteur on the question of torture, the special rapporteur advised the government that she had received information on the following case .	114. 特别报告员在1999年11月23日与酷刑问题特别报告员一道发出的信件中告知该国政府，她收到了关于下列案件的资料。
although the panel received detailed import statistics from each of the major trading centres, there are a number of key differences that make the tracking of rough diamonds extremely difficult .	115. 虽然小组从每个主要贸易中心收到详细的进口统计数字，仍有一些关键性差异使得追踪粗金刚石极为困难。
smoke ?	抽烟吗？
however, without a full-time gender adviser, this work has been carried out on an ad hoc basis, focusing largely on the issuance of guidelines and training materials by the peacekeeping best practices unit, with support provided by the civilian, military and civilian police training sections .	但是，由于没有专职的性别问题顾问，所以这一工作一直是临时开展的，主要注重在文职人员、军事人员及民警训练科的支持下，印发维持和平最佳做法股的准则和培训材料。
let's see a smile .	大家笑一笑 Let's see a smile.
in paragraph 88 of its report, the board recommended that unitar develop, document and implement a plan against the risk of internal corruption and fraud, including fraud-awareness initiatives, in coordination with the administration of the united nations and of the funds and programmes to obtain the benefit of best practices, where available .	481. 在报告第88段，委员会建议训研所与联合国行政当局及其他基金和方案协作，拟订、编写和执行预防内部腐败和舞弊的风险计划，包括提高对舞弊的认识倡议，以适时地从最佳做法中受益。
school ?	回学校吗？
mom, we did not do anything .	- 妈妈，你知道，我们没有做任何事情。
the assembly also recommended that the work continue during its fifty-seventh session, within the framework of a working group of the sixth committee .	大会还建议于大会第五十七届会议期间在第六委员会一个工作组的框架内继续开展这项工作。
it was founded as a unique and promising model of a multilateral economic initiative aimed at fostering interaction and harmony among member states, as well as at ensuring peace, stability and prosperity by encouraging friendly and good-neighbourly relations in the black sea region .	它是作为多边经济倡议的某种独特而颇有前途的模型建立的，其目的是促进成员国之间的互动与和谐，同时通过鼓励黑海区域的友好睦邻关系来确保和平、稳定和繁荣。
we all know that donations of food to wfp include those containing genetically modified products and that some countries are quite legitimately concerned about the potential risk to the biological diversity of their maize varieties .	我们都知道，为粮食计划署捐助的粮食包括包含转 基因产品的粮食，一些国家很有理由地对可能对它们的玉米品种的生物多样性构成的危险感到关切。
- i'm not sure .	我也不知道
1 212 963-5047 .	详情请洽条约科(电话：1 (212) 963-5047)。
the ministry of health is also responsible for the investigation of outbreaks of suspected food-borne illness in humans .	卫生部还负责调查人体内怀疑由食物引起的疾病的流行。
i will continue to live a little .	我会继续活一点。
instead, the study group decided to go directly to the substance of the study .	反之，研究组决定直接探讨研究报告的内容。
it might be more fun, just the two of us .	就我们两个可能更有意思
reaffirming also its previous resolutions on the human rights situation in myanmar, the most recent of which is resolution 59 263 of 23 december 2004, those of the commission on human rights, the most recent of which is resolution 2005 10 of 14 april 2005, and the conclusions of the international labour conference of 4 june 2005,	又重申大会以往关于缅甸人权状况的各项决议，最近一项为2004年12月23日第59 263号决议，重申人权委员会的各项决议，最近一项为2005年4月14日第2005 10号决议， 并重申国际劳工大会2005年6月4日的结论，
you know, it's like chess .	有什么建议吗？ 你看
in view of the guidance provided by the advisory committee and the request of the president of the assembly, japan firmly believed that the fifth committee should come to a speedy decision as to how the committee should proceed with its consideration of the secretary-general's report .	40. 鉴于咨委会提供的指导和大会主席的要求，日本坚定地认为第五委员会应就如何审议秘书长报告迅速做出决定。
i will enjoy my stay .	我会享受的
what is this big hang-up about fidelity ?	罪恶感?
i really can't talk right now .	嗨，是我啊
stupid, stupid !	蠢死了，蠢死了！
did we give them a book before this, so that they are holding fast to it ?	難道以前我曾賜他們一本天經，而他們是堅持那本天經的。
you said i was dangerous, and i am .	你对了！ 你说我很危险 确实是
oh,penny,this is a natural human process,and we're talking about statistically significant savings .	我才不跟你说这个 这是人类自然发展进程 而且你能省下一大笔钱
milk .	牛奶。
it's ok .	你是好军人
i left him bleeding on the rug vowing that he would get even with me one day .	我扔下他在地毯上流血... 并发誓总有一天要找我算账
moreover, services such as finance, training and innovation support should be integrated rather than provided separately .	16．此外，诸如资助、培训和革新支助等服务应综合提供，而不是分开单独提供。
we must stand very firm in fighting such terrorist attacks, as they pose a threat not only to the united states but to the entire international community .	我们必须坚定地与这种恐怖主义袭击作斗争，因为这些袭击不仅是对美国的威胁，而且是对整个国际社会的威胁。
the commission continues to further its understanding of the motives to assassinate rafik hariri .	委员会继续进一步了解刺杀拉菲克 哈里里的动机。
moreover, colombia and peru are home to the favourite fauna of animal traffickers peru is a prime hunting ground for iguanas, crocodiles and anacondas and, in colombia, poaching has driven several parrot species to the brink of extinction .	此外，哥伦比亚和秘鲁的动物群也深受动物贩运分子喜爱：秘鲁是鬣蜥、鳄鱼和水蟒的主要捕猎地，而在哥伦比亚，偷猎已使好几种鹦鹉物种濒临灭绝。
adoption of the agenda	C. 通过议程
- munch ! well, i don't jump walls very much, man !	我不是经常爬牆的
also, the period is characterized by one-time costs associated with the proposed repatriation of 1 formed police unit and 236 united nations police officers, representing approximately 3 million, or 8 per cent of the total increase in resources .	此外，2008 09年度期间的另一个特点是与拟议的遣返1个建制警察部队和236名联合国警察相关的一次性费用，这笔费用约300万美元，即占资源总增幅的8 。
the committee notes that the proposed budget for minurso a 56 826 is based on the mission's maintenance requirements and reflects resource reduction associated with the suspension of the activities of the identification commission .	委员会注意到，西撒特派团的概算（A 56 826）是根据维持特派团所需经费编列的，反映出因身份查验委员会活动中止资源随之减少。
the united nations, for its part, should continue to help mine-affected states develop their national capacities for demining and victim rehabilitation as part of its comprehensive development strategy .	联合国则应继续帮助受地雷影响的国家在排雷和受害者康复方面发展本国的能力，作为其全面发展战略的一部分。
fifty-fifth session	第五十五届会议
conduct of popular consultations in accordance with provisions of the comprehensive peace agreement	依据《全面和平协议》的规定进行大众协商
the board took note of views expressed by parties at cop 10 as well as of one input made by a party since then .	理事会注意到缔约方在缔约方会议第十届会议上表达的意见以及一个缔约方此后提出的意见。
- wally thinks apples are boring .	华利认为苹果沉闷
most notably the second commencement order brought into operation, on 1 january 2007, the duty on public authorities to have due regard to the need to promote positive attitudes towards disabled people and the need to encourage participation by disabled persons in public life .	最值得注意到的是，第二号开始生效令2007年1月1日要公共机关开始履行义务，适当注意促使以积极态度对待残疾人的必要性和鼓励残疾人参与公共生活的必要性。
but terribly thin	没想到她真人那么瘦
still, tncs often play a role in the oil sectors through production-sharing agreements, buy-back contracts and service agreements .	跨国公司常常通过生产分享协定、回购合同和服务协定在石油部门发挥作用。
ongoing and planned activities include the establishment of health and nutritional referral systems, vaccination campaigns, the distribution of emergency food aid, water and sanitation interventions, provision of alternative education for children and distribution of agricultural tools and seeds .	正在进行的活动和计划中的活动包括：建立保健和营养转诊制度、接种疫苗运动、分发紧急粮食援助、用水和卫生干预、向儿童提供替代教育、分发农具和种子。
c invitation to state party to cooperate - if the treaty body finds that the information is reliable, the treaty body invites the state party to cooperate in the examination of the information, including through the submission of information to the treaty body	(c) 请缔约国给予合作 如果条约机构认定该资料内容翔实可靠，它在审查该资料时可请该缔约国给予合作，包括向条约机构提交资料；
while israel was working to improve palestinian development, the palestinians themselves, through third parties, supported repetitive and irrelevant resolutions that merely paid lip service to their cause .	虽然以色列正在努力促进巴勒斯坦的发展，但是巴勒斯坦人自己却在通过第三方支持只是一再向他们开出空头支票的不切实际的决议。
this figure represents a critical mass and it should therefore be possible to organize credible and representative elections throughout the democratic republic of the congo, for both the constitutional referendum and the legislative and presidential elections .	这一数字足以说明有可能在刚果民主共和国全境举行可信、具有代表性的选举，无论是立宪公民投票，还是议会选举和总统选举。
republican children's clinical hospital, bashkortostan republic russian federation status of honorary doctor, 25 june 1999	巴什科尔托斯坦共和国(俄罗斯联邦)，共和国儿童门诊医院，1999年6月25日被授予名誉博士资格
she can be difficult at times . i rather like her .	她有時不太隨和 我相當喜歡她
thank you, gentlemen .	謝謝你們 你們的好意我銘記在心
not take advantage of a young beautiful girl, not like this	就算我對你有好感 也不可以這樣對你
this right as assistance to impoverished families is not fulfilled in the other cantons .	其他各项都没有实行这项援助贫困家庭的权利。
nodal period 10 .35 hours	交点周期： 10.35小时
caroline . . .	卡罗琳...
annex to the letter dated 2 july 2007 from charg d'affaires a .i . of the permanent mission of ghana to the united nations addressed to the president of the security council	2007年7月2日加纳常驻联合国代表团临时代办给安全理事会主席的信的附件
do you mind ? we have a guest with us .	你介意闭嘴吗，我们有个客人在这里
you took the rap because i was just a kid then .	而你 因为我当时是个孩子 而狠狠揍了我
maybe they got the . . . flights mixed up or something .	不晓得... 或许他们弄错班机
fat chance of that this evening !	今晚来就为了这件事
6 .3 this caution in interpretation is also warranted by the need to preserve the committee's ability to provide effective and prompt adjudication of serious complaints, within a united nations human rights system that has competing demands .	6.3 由于需要维护委员会在一个有不同要求的联合国人权制度里就严重的申诉案提供更有效和更迅速的裁决的能力，这种谨慎是必要的。
the net expenditure for the biennial support budget for 2004 is approximately 70 .3 million, representing 21 .2 per cent of regular resources and 13 .9 per cent of total resources income .	2004年的两年期支助预算支出净额约为70.3百万美元，占经常资源的21.2 和资源收入总额的13.9 。
i will mention only some important achievements here .	我现在仅提一些重要的成就。
people never fail to disappoint you .	人们总能 See? People never fail 让你失望 to disappoint you.
i'm not sure i can carry on another day .	（塔提亚娜）我不知道自己能不能坚持到明天
webber would you please take the rest of the afternoon off . thank you .	韦伯 要不然今天下午你就休个假吧 谢谢
a representative of the technology and economic assessment panel pointed out that the authorization to use ozone-depleting substances as process agents, granted under decision x 14, would expire on 31 december 2001 .	81. 技术和经济评估小组的代表指出 决定X 14核准的将臭氧消耗物质作为加工剂的决定将于2001年12月31日到期。
human resources management	人力资源管理
forensics reveal the children were heavily sedated	法医透露孩子们在被反复刺伤之前
antoine . . . we're all happy it's over .	安托万 事情已经结束，大家都很高兴
the acting president we have heard the last speaker in the debate on this item for this meeting .	代理主席（以英语发言）：我们已听取本次会议上有关本项目的辩论中最后一位发言者发言。
okay, okay .	--
on 12 march 2004 the security council, by resolution 1533 2004 , took note of the recommendations contained in the secretary-general's fourteenth report on the united nations organization mission in the democratic republic of the congo s 2003 1098 .	4. 2004年3月12日安全理事会第1533（2004）号决议表示注意到秘书长关于联合国组织刚果民主共和国特派团的第十四次报告（S 2003 1098）中所载建议。
it will feed and take until there is nothing left .	牠会吸干宿主的生命
hurry . no . that lady might still be alive .	不 这位女士可能还活着
inhales deeply i'd be okay with it .	我没什么意见。
want to see a high priest in control of events .	想要看到一个能控制事态发展 want to see a high priest in control of events.
in addition, an internal investigation, with a view to imposing possible disciplinary measures against the officers involved, had been ordered .	此外，警察部门也开始了内部调查，以便对有关人员实施可能的纪律措施。
come on, we're almost there .	- 快点 我们就要到了
in the three northern governorates, the power generated by the dokan and derbandikhan plants has continued to decrease because of the effects of drought, as well as the poor condition of the plant and machinery .	86. 在北方三省，由于干旱的影响，以及发电站和机器的状况不佳，杜坎和德尔班迪汉发电厂的发电量持续减少。
because gavin believes in this japanese form of management where not being assigned is the most shameful outcome .	因为嘉文认为在他的日式管理模式下 Because Gavin believes in this Japanese form of management 没活干就是最大的耻辱了 where not being assigned is the most shameful outcome.
ibid .	同上。
even if you go, we can still survive .	你自己出去 摇尾乞怜吧
to go into medicine . between the insurance companies	会建议他的孩子去做医生
'cause pinkman ss he needs you too much .	平克曼说他很需要你
grade b against grade c .	中驷对下驷
reaffirming the mandates of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the united nations system to take all appropriate measures, within their respective spheres of competence, to ensure the full implementation of general assembly resolution 1514 xv and other relevant resolutions,	重申联合国系统各专门机构和其他组织有责任在其各自的职权范围内采取一切适当措施，确保充分执行大会第1514（XV）号决议和其他有关决议，
and then get myself and giving-wedding-gifts	然后给我和"送结婚礼物"
every monday night, his phone pings off of the tower in henderson .	每周一晚 他的手機信號來自於 赫德森信號塔
the swedes are biting us, the khan of crimea plays nasty on izyum road .	瑞士人在攻击我们 克里米亚大汗在伊久姆大道上玩把戏
time to take action .	该采取行动了
information was received that the fiji human rights commission was compiling a report on individuals who had made complaints to united nations mechanisms following the military coup of december 2006 .	7. 有消息称，斐济人权委员会正在整理一份关于2006年12月军事政变以后曾向联合国机制提出申诉的个人的报告。
you don't like us anymore ?	你不再爱我们了吗?
the year 2005 has been declared international year of microcredit by the united nations .	21. 2005年已为联合国宣布为国际小额信贷年。
do you want me to spill hot soup on her ? oh, please-- you're not that kind of person .	我来把热汤洒她身上吧?
all i want is the name of the person who first told you that chris zambrano was the head of hr .	我只关心一开始告诉你 Chris Zambrano是组织头目的人是谁
clarence, clarence, and she got into the train and left .	卡利娅多，卡利娅多。 她登上火车离开了
but, yogurt, what is this place ?	对，瓦斯
i just want a period of controlled happiness .	我只想要一个时期 受控幸福。
oscar mike .	任务中
well, you know i'm doing the toast thing .	-我们还没有提供。
a enhancement of the legal and institutional environment at the local level to include participation of women and marginalized groups improved accountability and transparency	(a) 加强地方一级的法律和体制环境，让妇女和处于社会边缘地位的人群参与进来；改进问责制和透明度
what did you say ?	你说什么？
i've been waiting here for him for over three hours .	我一直等他三小时了
also, it would be necessary to assist developing countries in the area of asset valuations, in reducing the cost of dispute settlements, in developing the competitiveness of domestic small and medium-sized enterprises, and in retraining employees affected by restructuring .	另外还必须在资产估价方面协助发展中国家降低争端解决的费用，发展国内中小型企业的竞争力并重新培训受结构改革影响的雇员。
there's a dry tractor tread about five feet out off the fence .	离栅栏五步左右的赛道是干的
here too, international legal instruments are of major assistance among the united nations anti-terrorist conventions, i would mention here the convention on the marking of plastic explosives for the purpose of identification, given that explosives are widely used nowadays to destroy critical installations .	国际法律文书在此也有很大的帮助：鉴于如今广泛使用可塑炸药摧毁要害装置，本人在此要提及联合国反恐公约中的《关于在可塑炸药中添加识别剂以便侦测的公约》。
the united nations system has made significant advances in implementing resolution 1325 2000 .	55. 联合国系统在执行第1325（2000）号决议方面取得了重大进展。
the explicit objective of the legislator is to further develop german gaap towards an information oriented accounting system, harmonising the requirements in accordance with ifrs .	立法机构的明确目标就是要使德国一般公认的会计原则朝着侧重信息的会计制度发展，按照《国际财务报告准则》协调各项规定。
this ground may be applied either once criminal procedures have begun, or once the alien has committed the relevant act or broken the relevant law .	405. 一旦刑事诉讼开始 或一旦外国人犯下有关罪行或违反有关法律， 即可适用这一理由。
come again ?	怎么说?
also, asia needed more analytical work and advisory services regarding enterprise internationalization, given the increase in south-south and south-north investment in the region .	此外，鉴于在亚洲区域南南投资和南北投资的增长，亚洲也需要在企业国际化方面开展更多的分析工作并提供更多的咨询服务。
sorry .	抱歉。
would you like it if your dad, through no fault of his own, became the emperor' ?	如若阿爸没意称帝 你可有就父之心
l can't tell you from the horse crap .	在马上我无法对你说
mr . kumalo south africa we too welcome the participation of the secretary-general in our debate today .	库马洛先生（南非）（以英语发言）：我们也欢迎秘书长参与今天的辩论。
little bit .	有一点
what else is there to do on a sunday ?	你为什么不直接 写张支票给我们算了?
it does not weaken the substance of the united nations counter-terrorism programme .	这个程序并不削弱联合国反恐怖主义方案的实质内容。
- horny old man ?	-咸湿老饼？
- go up the stairs .	- 走上楼梯
and texas . . . i mean dallas is a shithole .	还有德克萨斯我是说 达拉斯不是个好地方
advisers	国际税务司
paragraph 6, fourth sentence	第6段，第6句
recalling all its previous resolutions on the issue of impunity,	忆及委员会先前关于法不治罪问题的各项决议，
i haven't seen this since i read gramsci and contemplated kidnapping a captain of industry .	因为我还没有看到这个 我读葛兰西 及据此拟绑架 行业的队长。
hri core 1 add .33 rev .2	HRI CORE 1 Add.33 Rev.2
the year of the china model	“中国模式”年
the e2a panel has found in previous reports that due to the breakdown of civil order and the widespread destruction of property at kuwaiti airports and seaports, claimants faced practical difficulties in obtaining specific proof of the circumstances in which goods were lost .	89. “E2A”小组在以前的报告中认为，由于社会秩序混乱和在科威特机场和海港的财物普遍被毁，索赔人在取得货物丢失情况的具体证据方面遇到实际困难。
article 442 .	第442条。
the chairman presented for approval the draft report of the third meeting in the third track of the global consultations ec gc 02 2 .	3. 主席提出全球磋商“第三跑道”第三次会议的报告草稿(EC GC 02 2)以供通过。
you're the same person i've always revered .	你依然是我所仰慕的女人
aayan's friend .	阿亚安的朋友
i joined telco, made tata trucks, pretty close to pune .	我加入了塔塔汽車Telco 在浦那Pune附近制造塔塔牌TATA卡车
table of subsidized basic commodities and amount of subsidies for 1997 .	15. 1997年有补贴的基本商品和补贴金额一览表。
recalling commitments made by the international community to fully implement the millennium development goals and stressing, in that context, the resolve of the heads of state and government, as expressed in the united nations millennium declaration, to halve by 2015 the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation,	回顾国际社会对充分贯彻“千年发展目标”的承诺，在此背景下，强调各国国家元首和政府首脑在《联合国千年宣言》中表明决心到2015年将无法持续获得安全饮用水和基本卫生设施的人口比例减半的，
in that regard, we welcome the holding and the outcomes of the conference held last weekend in baghdad, which managed to bring together, in a constructive manner, iraq's neighbours and regional and international players .	在这方面，我们欢迎上周末在巴格达举行的会议及其成果，因为该会议成功地以建设性方式聚集了伊拉克的邻国和区域及国际角色。
at its th meeting, on february, the subcommittee endorsed the recommendations of the working group of the whole concerning the draft provisional agenda for the forty-seventh session of the subcommittee, contained in the report of the working group of the whole see annex i .	22. 小组委员会在2月[…]日第[…]次会议上核可了全体工作组关于小组委员会第四十七届会议临时议程草案的建议，这些建议载于全体工作组的报告（见附件一）。
our tourism sector is experiencing a drastic reduction in visitor arrivals .	我国的旅游部门遭遇到到访游客人数急剧减少的问题。
over here .	看这里
we were getting worried that john here had shanghaied you off to venus,	我们还很担心... ...约翰你被拐去金星了呢...
and how will you bear something which your knowledge does not encompass ?	你沒有徹底認識的事情你怎麼能忍受呢？
2 the court may refuse to recognize or enforce an interim measure of protection only if	(2) 只有在以下条件下法院才可拒绝承认[和][或]执行临时保全措施：
open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled rights of the child third committee organized by the permanent mission of italy on behalf of the european union and the group of latin american and caribbean states	关于“儿童权利”决议草案（第三委员会）的不限成员名额非正式协商（由意大利常驻代表团（代表欧洲联盟）和拉丁美洲和加勒比国家集团组织）
accordingly, while reiterating our commitment to the trips agreement, reaffirm that the agreement can and should be interpreted and implemented in a manner supportive of the right to protect public health and, in particular, to promote access to medicines for all including the production of generic antiretroviral drugs and other essential drugs for aids-related infections .	因此，在重申对该《协定》的承诺的同时，也重申，该《协定》的解释和执行，可以也应当有利于促进保护公众健康特别是促使人人能够获得医药的权利，包括有利于促进抗逆转录病毒的通用名药品和针对艾滋病所引起的感染的其他基本药品的生产。
such restrictions were unnecessary and were above and beyond the call of the montreal protocol .	这样的限制是不必要的，且已超出了《蒙特利尔议定书》的规定范围。
the commission also implemented four regional field projects aimed at strengthening national capacities in the assessment of the social costs of child undernourishment the reform of social protection systems the negotiation and administration of bilateral and multilateral trade agreements and national strategies to develop the information society .	拉加经委会还实施了4个区域外地项目，目的是加强国家评估儿童营养不良的社会成本的能力；改革社会保障系统；对双边和多边贸易协定进行谈判和管理；以及发展信息社会的国家战略。
b as for available information on the participation by nationals of el salvador as mercenaries in committing acts against the sovereignty of other states, acts against the exercise of the right of other peoples to self-determination or in human rights violations, the only case is the so-called cruz le n' case	(b) 至于有关萨尔瓦多国民作为雇佣军参与侵犯他国主权、反对他国人民行使自决权利和侵犯人权的现有资料，唯一的案件是所谓的“狮子十字”案；
so this is your last meal ? just take it	所以这是你最后的一顿饭啰？
expresses once again its concern at the inadequate resources, both human and material, provided to the special rapporteur, and accordingly reiterates its request to the secretary-general to provide the assistance necessary to the special rapporteur to fulfil his mandate effectively, in particular by placing adequate human and material resources at his disposal	14. 再次关注向特别报告员提供的人力物力资源不足，因此重申请秘书长向特别报告员提供他切实完成任务所需的协助，特别是提供适足的人力和物力；
today, it is frequently cited in council resolutions .	而目前安理会决议经常引用第七章。
the gardens of perpetual abode which they will enter along with those who do good from among their parents and their spouses and their offspring and the angels will enter in upon them from every gate	常住的乐园，他们将进入乐园。他们的祖先、妻子和后裔中的善良者，都将进入乐园。众天神从每道门进去见他们，
these are the two species of spiders for which the vast majority of time and money on synthetic spider silk research has been to replicate their dragline silk proteins .	对于这两种蜘蛛 人们使用了大量的时间和金钱 进行人造蛛丝的研究 以复制它们的拖丝蛋白
when considering a report submitted by a state party under article 40 of the covenant, the committee shall first satisfy itself that the report provides all the information required under rule 66 of these rules .	1. 在审议缔约国根据《公约》第四十条提交的报告时，委员会应首先判定报告是否提供了本规则第66条所要求的所有资料。
- why what ?	-什么为什么
- i didn't know where she'd lead you .	- 我不知道她会做些什么
and she got some child-rearing hips .	类似孩子般高耸的屁股
1,500 metres !	- 1500米
to be honest, i am not sure that all of the world’s governments have accepted the inevitable, or that even the most inflexible will now agree to the moratorium . but i continue to have faith that the general assembly will know, as always, how to meet this challenge .	坦率而言，我并不确信世界上所有国家政府都已经接受了这一不可避免的事实，或者即使最为顽固的现在也会同意暂停死刑。但是，联合国大会将会像以往一贯那样面对挑战。我对此继续保持信念。
this was also made clear in the common position adopted by the european union on the npt review conference on 25 april 2005, and by which the european union still stands .	2005年4月25日欧洲联盟通过的关于《不扩散条约》审议大会的共同立场即清楚表明了这一点，欧洲联盟现在仍持同样的立场。
11 a .m . 1 p .m . closed meeting conference room a	上午11:00－下午1:00 非公开会议 A会议室
there you go, greenie !	菜鸟，干得好
the document reminded him that one of his hotel management contracts with cuba contravened the provisions of the helms-burton act, and that he and his family could therefore be denied a visa for travel to the united states .	该文件提醒他说，他与古巴订立的旅店管理合同之一违反了《赫尔姆斯-伯顿法案》的规定，并说他及家人可因此得不到签证来美国。
in the last twelve months, the commission has greatly improved its operation in terms of creating better databases, controlling the authenticity of documentation more efficiently, and increasing international cooperation .	在过去十二个月内，该委员会设置较佳数据库、更有效控制记录文件的有效性，并且增进国际合作，使业务大有改进。
so i'm gonna share with you the secret of how to become more positive in three simple steps .	因此我将与你们分享 通过三步就能变得更积极的秘诀
due consideration must also be given to the importance of institutional memory .	还应适当考虑机构经验传承的重要性。
mindful of the fact that it is essential to provide the mission of observers with the necessary financial resources to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities under the relevant resolutions of the security council,	注意到必须为该观察团提供必要的经费 使其能够履行安全理事会有关决议所规定的职责
my dad had gone to bring back his horse .	那匹馬本來就是我爸的
i've thought . i've prayed . i . . .	我想了很多，我向上帝祈祷，我...
three aspects of social development - ageing, voluntarism and youth - would be core issues of particular relevance to the international conference of the red cross and the red crescent, in which all governments would be participating in december 2003 .	68．2003年12月将举行各国政府都参加的红十字会和红新月会的国际会议，社会发展的三个方面：老龄、志愿者和青年问题将是这次会议讨论的中心。
gabe, thought you'd want a memento of our loving family .	加布，以为你会想要一个 纪念我们的爱家的。
i'll have your band	用你们的团啦...
for cerd the number of its women members decreased from three to two in 2002 .	消除种族歧视委员会的女性成员在2002年由3名减少到2名。
there are also scientific and technical difficulties in dissociating potential impacts arising from climate change as defined by the convention from those due to natural climatic variability .	将(《公约》定义的)气候变化引起的潜在影响与气候自然变化产生的影响相区别，也存在着多种科学和技术困难。
allie, it's me .	艾莉，这就是我。
yes, sir ?	- 先生，请讲
they really get on my nerves . . .	她们真的让我烦恼
the evaluation focused on the assessment of the third cooperation framework for south-south cooperation managed by the special unit for south-south cooperation, undp efforts in promoting and supporting south-south cooperation, and the effectiveness of the collaboration between undp and the special unit .	评价的重点是对南南合作特设局管理的第三个南南合作合作框架的评估，开发署为促进和支持南南合作所作的努力，以及开发署和特设局开展合作的成效。
consarn it, blue !	你几乎吵醒他了 Consarn it Blue!
accordingly, on 14 november 2000, i transmitted a letter to all members of the committee on conferences regarding draft resolution a c .3 55 l .68, entitled pledging conference of the united nations high commissioner for refugees , the implementation of which would require an exception to general assembly resolution 40 243 of 18 december 1985 .	据此，我在2000年11月14日向会议委员会的所有成员国转递了一封关于题为“联合国难民事务高级专员的认捐会议”的决议草案A C.3 55 L.68的信，该项决议需要作为大会1985年12月18日第40 243号决议的例外情况处理。
uh, yeah . i mean . . . it was,	嗯 曾经是
- chocolate mousse !	孩子们，别闹了
- gen . peterson ?	铝热剂燃烧弹的热度高
the availability of on-line subscriptions to development business will facilitate the timely dissemination of procurement opportunities and collaborative venture opportunities generated by projects implemented by organizations throughout the united nations system .	能以联机方式订阅《发展业务》将可促进及时传播整个联合国系统各组织所执行的项目方面的采购机会与合资经营机会。
fourthly, some new and specific proposals were made during the informal consultations .	第四，非正式磋商期间提出了一些新的具体建议。
nineteenth ordinary session	阿拉伯国家联盟理事会第十九届常会首脑级会议
now, you might say, what does this have to do with this ?	现在你可能要问，这二者有什么关系呢？
taking aim at the fast-food companies and blaming them for their obesity and illnesses, a lawsuit was filed in new york on behalf of two teenage girls, one who was 14 years old, 4'10 , and 170 pounds,	那些开快餐店公司的人 并且把肥胖跟疾病，归咎在他们的头上 在纽约有律师替两个女孩诉讼
security council expansion is necessary and will have far reaching consequences .	安全理事会的扩大是必要的，并且将产生深远影响。
several governments had strengthened their monitoring and control over the production, management, transport and use of various types of chemicals liable to be processed into drugs for example, china .	有些政府加强了对各种容易被加工成毒品的化学品的生产、管理、运输和使用的监测和管制（例如中国）。
elements to take into consideration when evaluating adequacy are access to land, water and other natural resources freedom from dispossession, damage and destruction access to information participation resettlement, restitution, compensation, non-refoulement and return privacy and security access to remedies education and empowerment and freedom from violence against women .	这些内容在评价适足与否时应当考虑在内，它们是：利用土地、水和其他自然资源的权利；免受剥夺、损坏和破坏的自由；获得信息的权利；参与；重新安置、归还、赔偿、不予遣返和回归；隐私权和人身安全；获得补偿的权利；教育和赋予权力，以及妇女不受暴力侵害。
- maurois, go with the captain .	- 莫鲁瓦 去跟着上尉
can you blame him for sellin' out ?	你能怪他出卖你吗？
three minutes ?	- 三分钟
it's so, uh, bourgeois .	太 呃 太小资了.
he's really tough .	他非常坚强
the land act no 9 04, of 9 november, lays the foundations for the legal regime governing land which is part of the original property of the state, the land rights to which such land may be subject and the system governing the transfer, settlement, exercise and extinction of such rights .	11月9日第9 04号法律为土地法，该法创立了有关将土地纳入国家原始资产的法律制度的总体基础、在这些土地上设立的地权及其权利的转让、设立、执行和中止的基本制度。
vor v zakonye, the brotherhood .	乌尔 维扎克耶
committee's admissibility decision	委员会关于可否受理的决定
another ship exploded under the fire of german anti-tank guns .	另一艘船在德国的反坦克 炮火中被炸掉
became the ninth preambular paragraph and was revised to read	将其移到序言部分第九段，并以下面的案文取代：
- ready ?	- 预备?
the meeting had before it a background note by the secretary-general e 2007 10 .	秘书长为此次会议提供了背景说明（E 2007 10）。
medical 4 1 .04	39.84
average monthly basic wage and earnings by level of qualification and sex, 2004	2004年按资格水平和性别分列的月平均基本工资和收入
issues relating to working conditions, remuneration, working hours and time off, individual labour disputes, the procedure for hiring and dismissal, etc ., are regulated by the code of labour legislation .	46. 与工作条件、薪酬、工时和休息、个人劳资纠纷、雇用和解雇程序等等有关的问题在《劳资法规》均做了规定。
come on, greenie . we're not done yet .	菜鸟，来吧，我跟你还没完
what are you waiting for ?	你还在等什么呢？
12 .19 the trade and development board was established by the general assembly in its resolution 1995 xix of 30 december 1964 as a permanent organ of the conference to carry out the functions of the conference when it is not in session .	12.19 贸易和发展理事会是作为贸发会议的一个常设机构由大会1964年12月30日第1995 (XIX) 号决议设立，以便在贸发会议不开会期间行使其职能。
his delegation therefore wished to stress the need to consolidate existing zones and establish new ones .	尼日利亚代表团再次强调巩固现有区域和建立新的无核武器区的必要性。
real property - us 38,959,208	1. 不动产 38 959 208美元 145
g logistical and supply facilities which the parties may make available to each other within the limits of their possibilities	(g) 缔约国在可能范围内可以相互提供的后勤和补给设施；
the council calls upon national governments, local authorities and other partners to renew their commitments towards the implementation of the habitat agenda and to intensify the scope and level of preparatory activities at the local, national and regional levels .	9. 理事会请各国政府、地方当局及其他伙伴再次对实施《生境议程》作出承诺和加强地方、国家和区域各级参与活动的范围和级别。
this is awkward, but can you help them ?	说出来是有点不合适 但是您能帮他们一把吗
the secretary-general gave a strong new impetus to the reform of the entire united nations system with his report on implementation of the united nations millennium declaration a 58 323 .	秘书长以其关于《联合国千年宣言》（A 58 323）执行情况的报告，为整个联合国系统的改革注入了新的强大推动力。
another reason why international observers may be ignoring such obvious risks is that they have been preoccupied with more dramatic events in greece and ukraine . politicians, financial analysts, and political commentators have limited time and attention .	另一个国际观察家忽视如此明显的风险的原因是他们的目光完全集中在希腊和乌克兰你的大事件上。政客、金融分析家和政治评论家的时间和注意力都是有限的。他们倾向于关注最大最紧迫的问题，而英国政治不在此列。
from a budgetary point of view, the court currently has at its disposal nine judges which, as indicated in paragraph 43 of the budget for the first financial period, is the minimum requirement to compose a pre-trial chamber and an appeals chamber for interlocutory appeals relating to those pre-trial proceedings .	从预算的角度看，院长会议现有9名法官供其支配，正如第一个财政期间预算第43段所指出，这是组成一个预审分庭和一个上诉分庭，处理与预审程序有关的中间上诉的最低要求。
commonly agreed financial reporting systems should be used by affected country parties and their development partners .	受影响国家缔约方及其发展伙伴应使用共同商定的财务报告系统。
ok . we talk later again .	好的，稍后电话联络吧
that is not just a bargain it is a significant underinvestment . given the rapidly growing need for global cooperation, the un simply cannot get by on its current budget .	但花在所有联合国机构和活动上的开支 从秘书处及安理会维和行动、疫情紧急应对到为自然灾害、饥荒和难民提供人道主义援助 2013年总额约为450亿美元，约合全世界人均6美元。这不是什么花小钱办大事；而是严重的投资不足。鉴于全球合作需求快速增长，联合国目前的预算根本不够。
a strengthen implementation and monitoring of the federal act for the protection against violence within the family and related criminal law, by acting with due diligence to prevent and respond to such violence against women and adequately providing for sanctions for the failure to do so	(a) 加强《联邦防止家庭暴力法》和相关刑法的执行和监测，尽力采取行动防止和应对此种暴力侵害妇女的行为，并对不这样做的行为规定适当的制裁；
consideration of mechanisms for achieving the objectives of the conference of the parties in accordance with article 32, paragraphs 3-5, of the convention	7. 审议根据公约第32条第3-5款实现缔约方会议目标的机制
the committee encourages the state party to ratify the convention relating to the status of stateless persons and the convention on the reduction of statelessness .	委员会鼓励缔约国批准《关于难民地位的公约》和《减少无国籍状态公约》。
miss theresa beech .	泰瑞沙 比琪小姐 Miss Theresa Beech.
but it was a long document ?	然而 那份文件很长么?
having considered the report of the secretary-general and the oral statement of the chairman of the advisory committee on administrative and budgetary questions,	审议了秘书长的报告 和行政和预算问题咨询委员会主席的口头说明，
- did you know about the jail time ?	你知道他坐过牢吗?
c designation of a national youth coordinating mechanism ministry, department, council or committee .	c 指定国家青年协调机制(部、司、理事会或委员会等)。
i haven't got it . i'll have it for you in a day or two .	我还没拿到，再等一两天吧
its six main objectives reflected the pressing needs of guinea-bissau, and the strong emphasis on the elections was appropriate .	其六个主要目标反映了几内亚比绍的迫切需要，对选举的着重强调也是恰当的。
preparation of millennium development goals national reports	拟定千年发展目标国家报告
the results of the iswgna findings and proposals for a better and more comprehensive assessment of the implementation of the 1993 sna are described in detail in the report of the task force on national accounts e cn .3 2001 7, annex .	国民帐户工作队的报告详细说明了帐户工作组关于如何更准则和更全面地评估1993 SNA实施情况所作调查的结果和建议（E CN.3 2001 7，附件）。
- that's my point .	- 这就是我要说的
the implementation of the decolonization process was of particular interest to saint kitts and nevis, a small island developing state in the caribbean and a former non-self-governing territory .	30. 执行非殖民化进程对圣基茨和尼维斯具有特殊意义。
we're acting like we're married, but we're not .	就像小两口似的 可我们不是
a call upon the responsible international organization, in accordance with article 47, to fulfil its obligations under part two	根据第47条，要求责任国际组织履行第二部分规定的义务； 将采取反措施的任何决定通知责任国际组织并提议与该组织进行谈判。
in that connection, he wished to know what steps the administration was taking regarding the management of those funds .	在这方面，他希望了解行政部门正就这些基金的管理采取哪些步骤。
do you have brats ?	非常棒的座右铭 你有没有调皮捣蛋的小孩啊?
- so you can take that off his hands .	-这样你可以握住他的手
- let's just hope he won't sue . - he won't .	-我们祈祷他别起诉我们就行
i don't know about this stuff .	我不知道这个东西。
i don't like to split up .	我不想跟你们坐开
the government agrees that those authorities shall take their decision in the same manner as they would in respect of any other offence or disciplinary infraction of a similar nature under its laws or relevant disciplinary code .	政府同意，有关当局应根据本国法律或相关纪律守则，用与审理类似性质的任何其它违法行为或违纪行为的同样方式作出决定。
in developing projects and programmes to be funded under the adaptation fund, eligible parties should consider the guidance provided in decision 5 cp .7, paragraph 8, and, where necessary, further information included in reports from the intergovernmental panel on climate change and information generated under the nairobi work programme on impacts, vulnerability and adaptation to climate change .	7. 在制定将由适应基金供资的项目和方案时，符合资格的缔约方应考虑在第5 CP.7 号决定第8段中提供的指导意见，以及在必要时考虑在政府间气候变化专门委员会报告中包含的更多资料和关于气候变化影响、脆弱性和适应的内罗毕工作方案提供的资料。
the fifth committee should give more favourable consideration to the solution proposed by iraq, which would help to ease the financial difficulties of the organization .	他建议第五委员会更加支持地看待伊拉克提出的解决办法，因为该办法可帮助减轻本组织的财政困难。
my name is t .s . spivet .	我的名字是T. S. 斯比维特
in some cases, as much as 70 per cent of the planned targets had been achieved in contrast to only 20 per cent in others .	为它们发出的机构间资金呼吁所取得的结果非常不均衡，在某些情况下，这些呼吁完成了目标的70 ，而在其他情况下，只完成了20 。
- on my step-parents' plantation .	膥 贺从堕
h . second international decade for the eradication of colonialism	H． 第二个铲除殖民主义国际十年特别委员会的建议
yep .	已登陆远程网络 没错 Oh.
fight it out .	一决雌雄吧
with regard to expenses, there are factors that could be regarded as peculiarly relevant to film rentals .	(f) 为特殊设备或公共工程供资的贷款的利息；或
to further cooperation, an agreement on serbia's prosecutor's office's access to the icty's electronic database was signed in july 2006 .	为开展进一步的合作，2006年7月签署了关于塞尔维亚检察官办公室获得前南问题国际法庭电子数据库资料的协定。
luxembourg stressed that not all asylum-seekers are detained it is only in specific cases of non-cooperation by asylum-seekers that detention is provided for by the law .	卢森堡强调指出，并非所有寻求庇护者都受到监禁；监禁只是根据法律而对那些寻求庇护者不合作的特定案例来实行的。
the outcome of the 2000 review conference of the parties to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons the upcoming united nations conference on the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects and the agenda of the disarmament commission at its current session allow us to look to the future of optimism .	核武器不扩散条约缔约国2000年审查会议的结果、即将召开的联合国关于小型武器和轻型武器非法贸易的所有方面的会议以及裁军审议委员会本次会议的议程使我们能够期望一个乐观的未来。
scope	建议
and a job i'll do well .	只是工作 我会做好的工作
professionals in this sector estimate that the ugandan company now controls 60 to 70 per cent of the market .	根据这一领域的专家估计，这家乌干达公司今天独占60 至70 的市场。
yeah, i promise you . this is for his own good .	是的，我向你保证，这是为他自己好
strengthening international cooperation in combating terrorism	加强打击恐怖主义方面的国际合作
- the final solution . . . we knew nothing about it .	保留犹太人作为劳动力
no way we can finish this by tomorrow morning .	后天再干，都是你自己的缘故。
in the light of the foregoing, no additional resources would be required for the biennium 2008-2009 .	鉴于上述情况，2008-2009两年期将无需追加资源。
the aim of the workshop was to discuss the use of space technologies in the areas of environmental security, disaster prevention, management and rehabilitation, post-conflict reconstruction, refugee support and sustainable development .	讲习班的目的是讨论空间技术在环境安全、灾害预防、灾害管理和灾区复兴、冲突后重建、难民支助和可持续发展等领域的用途。
there are not .	但是没有
five years running, no one's been paid .	比赛连办5年 没人拿到过那笔钱
introduction 1 4	导 言1 4
moreover, there needs to be a better division of the work of the organization whereby a reformed general assembly takes up some matters currently handled by the security council .	此外，还需要更好地划分本组织的工作，让经过改革的大会处理一些目前由安全理事会负责的事务。
6 .1 .1 the supervising administrative authority may request that the municipality re-examine a decision or other act considered to be inconsistent with the constitution or laws adopted in accordance with this settlement .	6.1.1 起监督作用的行政当局可要求有关市镇当局重新审查据认为不符合《宪法》或根据本《解决方案》通过的法律的决定或其他行为。
captain kirk was legally arrested for the crime . he and dr . mccoy boarded kronos one of their own free will .	乌娜，通知总部，寻求对策
i couldn't save him .	我救不了他
in addition to women and children, the security council has sought to enhance protection for refugees and internally displaced persons by mandating peacekeeping missions to protect camps and sites from armed attacks and to maintain their civilian and humanitarian character by supporting the disarmament and separation of combatants .	16. 除了妇女和儿童之外，安理会已通过规定维和特派团保护难民营和一些地点不遭受武装袭击来加强保护难民和境内流离失所者；并通过支持战斗人员解除武装和退役来保持这些特派团在文职和人道主义方面的性质。
human rights and human responsibilities	人权与人的责任
- don't know what a dutch rudder . . . ?	- 你居然不知道...
during the period under review no information was received from sources regarding outstanding cases .	505. 审查所涉期间，没有来文提交人提供未决案件资料。
what ?	什么
wasn't going so well should be better now with this	刚刚不怎么顺利 看看这个就可以一帆风顺了
haider !	海德尔
so it is ensured that the interdepartmental groups established within the framework of the united nations secretariat are effectively working on the preparation of complex operations for peacekeeping and the subsequent social and economic recovery and nation-building of countries suffering from conflicts .	以此确保在联合国秘书处框架内设立的部门间组织富有成效地为饱受冲突之害的各国制定复杂的维持和平行动及其后的社会和经济复苏和国家重建的综合行动。
during the period under review, the committee held 11 informal consultations to discuss various issues relating to the sanctions regime .	在本报告所述期间，委员会举行了11次非正式磋商，讨论与制裁制度有关的各种问题。
cambridge higher school certificate private study, 1953, 1955	职员：拉各斯司法部职员，1951年 1957年。
i'm sorry, wait here !	不好意思，你等我一下
it's heavy .	真重
signed mar a elena chassoul ambassador charg d'affaires a .i .	玛丽亚 埃莱娜 查苏尔（签名）
many speakers recognized that there was a lack of long-term political and financial support for alternative development initiatives from member states and international financial institutions .	20. 许多发言者承认，会员国和国际金融机构对替代发展举措没有给予长期的政治和财政支持。
i just called the department of corrections and convinced them that i was a state-sponsored doctor looking for late stage aids patients for an experimental treatment .	就联系了修正部门 说我是个受政府资助的医生 正在寻找晚期艾滋病人做实验性治疗
unctad's lead role in facilitating capital flows to developing countries was recognized, and the secretariat was encouraged to continue capacity building in developing countries in this regard, as well as its work to enhance transparency and the quality of information on financial and investment flows, playing the role of information clearing house in this regard .	24. 会议确认了贸发会议在促进向发展中国家的资本流入所发挥的主导作用，并鼓励秘书处继续实施在发展中国家建立这方面能力以及继续提高有关金融和投资流量信息透明度和质量的工作，在这方面发挥信息交流作用。
relating objectives, design and resources	1. 相关的目标、设计和资源
are you okay ?	你还好吗？
yun-jung he proposed today	他刚求婚
you're right .	你说对了
- five .	- 五岁
tell your husband he mustn't be afraid to say you told him of this stranger's prescription .	你可以告诉你的丈夫 叫他放心说出，你曾告诉过他 关于陌生人处方签的事
the scale reflects the consolidation of 3 .87 per cent of post adjustment into the net base salary that became effective on 1 march 2001 .	该薪资表反映出将3.87 的工作地点差价调整并入基薪净额，自2001年3月1日起生效。
go and change you !	赶快去换
c . national and regional level activities on the shift to sustainable consumption and production patterns	C. 在国家与区域各级开展的有关采用可持续消费与生产模式的活动
note by the secretary-general a 59 131	秘书长的说明（A 59 131）
recognizes that, in addition to their separate responsibilities to their individual societies, states have a collective responsibility to uphold the principles of human dignity, equality and equity at the global level	2. 认识到各国除对本国社会单独承担责任之外，还担负在全球一级维护人的尊严、平等和公平原则的共同责任；
we have maintained 2,000 troops in afghanistan until recently with the transfer of the isaf command .	直到最近移交国际安全援助部队指挥权，我们曾在阿富汗驻留了2 000人。
hey .	嘿。
a presentation of results of informal sector surveys conducted by different countries in relation to the action taken and limitations of different survey methods and sampling designs	(a) 不同国家对非正规经济部门调查结果的编制格式同所采取行动及不同调查方法和抽样设计局限之间的关系；
you were great ! you were just great ! oh !	你真很棒.
i should mention the fact that, late yesterday afternoon, the secretary-general received from the greek cypriot side a letter outlining comments regarding the secretary-general's report on his mission of good offices .	我应当提到这样的事实，即昨天下午晚些时候，秘书长从希族塞人方面收到了一封信，其中概述了对秘书长关于斡旋任务的报告的各种看法。
you don't want to miss this war ! let's go !	快点出发！
i think there is a wealth of detail of her entering the room, and the massage itself .	还有按摩本身 有很多细节
why ? you don't like me anymore ?	为什么 你不喜欢我了
a mindless drone .	无脑蜂
so, let me go through what you gain when you look at the world this way, besides some entertaining insights about human desire .	所以让我直接来说明用这种看待世界的方式能获得什么， 除了，你知道，关于人类欲望的有趣洞察。
a representative of any state participating in the conference may at any time move the adjournment of the debate on the question under discussion .	参加会议的任何国家的代表可随时提出暂停辩论所讨论问题的动议。
graciela, that's beautiful .	格蕾希拉，真漂亮，谢谢你！
for some officials appointed under the framework of the comprehensive peace agreement and for many former fighters, the economic and political incentives to pursue illegal activities and corrupt practices far outweigh any incentives to work for social and economic reforms, lasting peace and true democracy .	对通过《全面和平协定》框架任命的某些官员以及许多前战斗人员而言，从事非法活动和腐败行为的经济和政治动力远远超过努力开展社会经济改革以及争取实现持久和平和真正民主的动力。
the general committee may also wish to draw the attention of the general assembly to paragraph 32 of the annex to resolution 51 241, which reads as follows	43． 总务委员会还不妨提请大会注意第51 241号决议附件第32段，内容如下：
in many countries, emergency obstetric care is a new type of service outside of urban areas, and the fund's contribution was diverse, with substantial support to training, equipment and supplies, services, and referral systems, including transportation .	在许多国家，产科急诊是城市地区以外的新服务，基金的支助多种多样，包括大力支持培训、设备和用品、服务和包括运输在内的转诊系统。
mr . coutts smart chile , speaking on behalf of the member states of the rio group, said that a commitment had been made to the development of a feasible action plan, and that a delicate and painful negotiation had taken place in order to achieve that purpose .	68. Coutts Smart先生（智利）代表里约集团成员国发言。 他说，与会者已承诺制定一项可行的行动计划；为此目的进行了微妙而艰难的谈判。
you don't want to upset me !	你不想我心烦意乱！
i'll tell you how you can help me .	我告诉你你能如何帮助我。
i am establishing a fast-track mechanism under my personal leadership to provide direct assistance to individuals, groups or rural communities .	我正在建立一种快速通道机制，向个人、团体或农村地区提供直接援助，由我亲自领导这项工作。
letter dated 9 june 2005 from the permanent representative of nigeria to the united nations addressed to the president of the security council	2005年6月9日尼日利亚常驻联合国代表给安全理事会主席的信
i became a part-time model	便来客串给发烧友拍照
we can make . . . together we can make sure that i get back safe .	我们可以一起确保 那我回去安全。
human rights and extreme poverty	经济、社会和文化权利
support account	内部审计司 纽约(45个员额)
i do quite a bit of sketching around . why ?	或许 我周围去素描 怎么了
during the biennium, external costs totalling 6,072,437 7,903,662 in 1996-1997 were recovered and credited as income to the fund .	在两年期内，已经收回外部费用共6 073 437美元（1996-1997年为7 903 662美元），贷证为基金收入。
negotiations under the houston terms for lower-middle-income countries, for instance, have differed with respect to the treatment of arrears, interest, late interest, consolidation periods and repayment terms .	例如，在如何对待欠款、利息、迟付利息、统一整理期和还款条件方面，根据适用于中低收入国家的休斯顿条件进行的各项谈判存在着差异。
they just ring and ring . . .	他们就知道电话接电话...
towards that end, reform at the security council is imperative .	为此目的，必须进行安全理事会的改革。
wednesday, 28 november 2007, from 1 .15 to 2 .45 p .m . in conference room d .	2007年11月28日星期三下午1时15分至2时45分，会议室D。
okay, i had a life-threatening illness, you know .	对的，我有一个危及生命的疾病，你知道的。
what does he ask people about ?	他都问些什么问题？ 什么主题？
until the total elimination of nuclear weapons was achieved, all efforts should be made to ensure that security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon states were guaranteed by a legally binding instrument that was both universal and unconditional .	在尚未彻底消除所有核武器之前，应当尽一切努力确保通过一项普遍加入的、无条件的具有法律约束力的文书，以使非核武器国家的安全得到保障。
we also believe that the participation of representatives of financial institutions and subregional organizations today will send a strong signal of international encouragement and support to the people of guinea-bissau in their peace-building and reconstruction efforts .	我们还认为，金融机构代表和分区域组织代表今天参加会议将发出一个强烈的信息，表明国际社会鼓励和支持几内亚比绍建设和平与重建家园的努力。
c an error of fact which has occasioned a miscarriage of justice .	(c) 认定事实错误，造成审判失当。
like molten copper it churns in their bellies .	象油脚样在他们的腹中沸腾，
introduction the committee welcomes the detailed report submitted by the state party and expresses its appreciation for the constructive responses of the delegation to the questions asked during the consideration of the report .	521. 委员会欢迎缔约国提交的详细报告，对该国代表团对审议报告期间所提问题作出建设性答复一事表示赞赏。
take your time .	喂 别光顾着吃啊
the following is a list of common elements for an indicative list of elements that could be considered in developing a instrument code guidelines international understanding	以下是一个共同要素清单，供作为在制订一项 文书 守则 准则 国际谅解 时可以考虑的指示性要素清单：
this intergovernmental resolution renews governments' commitment to fully implementing the programme of action poa of the 1994 international commission on population and development icpd , as well as additional commitments made since .	这项政府间决议重申政府承诺全面实施1994年国际人口与发展委员会的《行动纲领》，以及自那时以来做出的其他承诺。
ask the other mistress .	你去问问老爷爷 大太太二太太
congratulations . popped your cherry .	恭喜你 见红了
talk faster .	讲快一点.
immigration continues to be an important source of population growth estimated net migration for 1999 was 161 people .	十年开始时的人口增长率为3.9 。 移民继续是人口增长的一个主要来源。
if it is, then we would expect the presidency to apply the same criteria it applied on friday afternoon concerning this question .	如果是前后一致，那么我们期望主席运用星期五下午在这一问题上运用的同样标准。
there you go .	上场吧
drinking water systems established 10 water delivery systems constructed school sanitary services established latrines built in 8 schools community based hygiene promotion and education 250,000 recipients integral community healthcare systems established 10 clinics built	建成学校环境卫生服务设施 为8所学校盖了公共厕所
wait .	等待。
you're sucking somebody else's dick in my bed .	你睡别人了 在我的床上。
papers confiscated at the house indicated that bassem mohamed, code named shark by ruf had been organizing diamond deals .	这将有助于减轻个体采矿者、经纪人和代理商目前遇到的各种实际困难。
it now appears that the war will go on, that it will take a long time, as admitted by those who are waging it .	现在看来战争将持续下去，而且将进行很长的时间，这是正在进行战争的那些人所承认的。
no	没有
get him out .	把他赶出去
iii the administrative services of the state, such as the fiscal authorities, the department of customs and excise, the state security service and the general intelligence and security services of the belgian armed forces, the national office for social security, the alien's office, etc .	3. 国家行政部门，例如税务机关、海关与消费税管理局、国家保安局和比利时武装部队情报总署、国家社会安全局、外国人事务局等；
cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament .	在2002年8月29日第912次全体会议上，德姆卜里大使将该倡议正式提交本会议（CD PV.912）。
similarly, the predecessor of the current procurator of faso had not invoked the statute of limitations, but article 34 of the code of military justice .	同样，布基纳法索现任检察官的前任没有援引时效法，而是援引了军事司法第34条。
liberia	以色列
- hi .	-你好
the hlp will take into account the stocktaking exercise of the hlcp and report to the secretary-general in april 2004, with recommendations which may fall under the authority of the secretary-general, or may require decisions by member states .	16. 知名人士小组将考虑方案委员会的总结意见，并于2004年4月向秘书长提出报告，其中将提出可能须由秘书长落实的或需要会员国作出决定的建议。
one last undercover job ?	最后一次卧底任务?
ad hoc committee established by general assembly resolution 51 210 of 17 december 1996	大会1996年12月17日第51 210号决议 所设特设委员会
and just because marshal mccabe here has been generous enough to set us up to five or six beers . . .	因为慷慨的麦凯警长... ... -...
no, i'm detaining him . the cell is for his own good .	这叫拘留 在这儿待着稳当
he's an actor .	- 他是一个演员。
i've got you .	我扶稳了
chapter 2 .3	第2.3章
ah woe, that day, to the rejecters of truth !	在那日，傷哉否認真理的人們！
bearing in mind the united nations millennium declaration, as well as the vienna declaration on crime and justice meeting the challenges of the twenty-first century, and the plans of action for its implementation,	铭记《联合国千年宣言》 和《关于犯罪与司法：迎接二十一世纪的挑战的维也纳宣言》 以及执行这一《宣言》的行动计划，
this situation could even create a greater evil whereby a mere majority of the 15 members of the council may influence the final results of the elections in the general assembly .	这种情形甚至可能造成更大的祸害，使安理会15个理事国中的多数国家可以左右大会选举的最终结果。
a standing electoral commission had also been formed with the aim of promoting women's participation as both candidates and voters in the next parliamentary elections .	常设选举委员会已经成立，旨在促进在下一届议会选举中妇女作为候选人和选民进一步参与。
you got yourself a sweet ride now, charlie .	你现在有了部好车
but you, my friend, are a riddle to me .	但是你 我的朋友 對我來說就是一個謎
well, not much . he's lucky . that son of a bitch is gonna make a shitload of money on commissions .	不多，他很幸運，這龜孫子 靠這次委託書會掙很多錢
- she heard a button pop .	-她听到有扣子掉了
since the early 1990s, civil war, ethnic strife, terrorism and massive refugee exoduses had undermined peace and stability in africa .	自1990年代初以来，内战、种族纠纷、恐怖主义和难民大规模的外流，破坏了非洲的和平与稳定。
tuesday, 14 october 2008, from 1 .15 to 2 .30 p .m . in conference room 3 .	2008年10月14日星期二，下午1时15分至2时30分，第3会议室。
the fifth committee adopted the draft resolution without a vote .	第五委员会未经表决通过了该决议草案。
having considered the programme of work of the joint inspection unit for 2007 contained in paragraphs 59 to 83 of its report,	审议了联合检查组报告第59至83段所载的联检组2007年工作方案，
this is absurd .	荒唐
that recommendation deserves, in our opinion, further consideration .	我们认为，这一建议值得进一步考虑。
- you mean annie ?	- 你是指安妮？
- i do .	-没错
when he was assistant secretary of the navy . . .	我们无法再前进了 当他还是美国海军部长助理时...
my name is hershel zuckerman and don't you forget it !	我的名字叫Hershel Zuckerman，你不要忘記！
my visions !	我的想法！
that's great .	太棒了
this study asked an unpleasant question must millions more die from traffic accidents before we act much faster ?	这项研究提出一个不令人愉快的问题：我们要等到再有几百万人死于交通事故才会采取更迅速的行动吗？
i don't see any way out .	我看不出有避免的方法
free choice of school	九、择校自由
as for reptiles, the expected loss reaches 6 .90 percent and 6 .25 percent in kuwait and oman, respectively .	至于爬行动物，预计科威特和阿曼将分别损失6.90 和6.25 。
in october 1999 belgium was evaluated by the working group on corruption, created by oecdthe following agreements of the european union will be ratified in a single procedure	……欧洲联盟的下列协定将会同时在一次程序中予以批准：
the music business has really become decimated and it has been largely because of illegal downloads .	音乐业务有 真正成为锐减 和它在很大程度上 因为非法下载。
thank you, kent .	谢谢，Kent。
- candle maker .	- 蜡烛造物者。
- to study any matters relating to hydrography and the allied sciences and techniques and to collect the necessary papers	- 对水文学及与其有关联的科学和技术进行研究，收集必要的研究论文；
studies and reports on children show that there has been an increase in those heinous acts .	关于儿童的研究和报告表明，这些令人发指的行径有所增加。
access to information on technologies for adaptation and a raising awareness	4. 取得有关适应技术的信息和提高认识
also welcomes the further progress made by unops in the execution of decision 2005 36 of 9 september 2005, and encourages unops to continue to focus on the work areas contained therein	4. 还欢迎项目厅在执行2005年9月9日第2005 36号决定方面取得更多进展，并鼓励项目厅继续集中注意该决定提到的各工作领域；
the if was intended to upgrade ldcs' production and export capabilities .	综合框架的目的是提升最不发达国家的生产和出口能力。
several participants highlighted the fact that forensic laboratories were important for ats investigations and the capacity of laboratories in some member states should be improved to enhance identification and analysis of ats .	28. 几位与会者强调了以下事实，即司法鉴定实验室对于苯丙胺类兴奋剂情况调查非常重要，因此应当提高某些会员国的实验室能力，以加强对苯丙胺类兴奋剂的识别和分析。
-possible concussion .	-可能是脑震荡
how's he doing ?	他怎么样了? How's he doing?
the widespread destruction of homes and the resulting displacement can result in the establishment of centralized camps which facilitate provision of assistance, but where poor housing and living conditions can pose particularly severe health risks for women and children in some of the affected countries, they	大规模摧毁住房以及伴随而来的流离失所，迫使人们建立中央营地，这有助于提供援助，但恶劣的住房和生活条件可给妇女和儿童带来极为严重的健康风险(在一些受影响国家，据报告，他们就睡在清真寺旁)。
he drew our attention on purpose	那家伙故意让我察觉
you have to trust me .	你得相信我
this mission's report will be presented to the human rights council in august, for discussion at the council's next session in september .	此次活动的报告将在8月提交给人权理事会，以便在理事会9月的下一次会议上进行讨论。
each thematic group will identify a lead organization or individual, and determine its working mode and meeting schedule in conjunction with the coordinating team .	每个专题小组将确认一个领导组织或个人，并与协调小组共同决定其工作模式和会议安排。
for the second time, he trapped us .	这是第二次， 他设计我们
see the problem is that, as humans, these three can separate .	问题是 对于人类而言 这三者可以分开
further action in that regard would also be influenced by the committee's ability to consider reports received within a reasonable period of time .	在这方面采取的进一步行动还将取决于委员会能否在合理时间内审议收到的报告。
we recognize that the united nations needs to increase its reservoir of expertise and capacities, and we hope that in so doing it draws on the wealth of knowledge that is present in civil society organizations, democratic governments and academic institutions .	我们认识到，联合国需要增加它专门知识和能力。 我们希望，为此目的，它利用民间社会组织、民主政府和学术机构所拥有的丰富知识。
in july 2005, on the basis of an external evaluation on the state of ece issued at the end of june, the states members of the commission decided to launch a negotiating process on ece reform .	2005年7月，根据6月底发表的有关欧洲经委会状况的外部评价结果，欧洲经委会成员国决定启动关于欧洲经委会改革的谈判进程。
this would be the first visit of a prime minister of samoa to the territory .	那将是萨摩亚总理首次访问该领土。
- you mean what you did to her .	我想你想说你对她做的事
as of 1996, the work of the division was refocused and three structural units were established, on gender analysis, on women's rights, and on coordination and outreach .	723. 1996年 该司重新调整了工作重点 设立了三个股:性别分析股、妇女权利股及协调和推广股。
grand dragons, they don't get their hands dirty .	巨龙们不能脏了手
as we have often said, his predecessor, in our opinion, allowed several distortions in implementing security council resolution 1244 1999 and, virtually circumventing the council, took a number of serious measures which would have led to separating kosovo from the federal republic of yugoslavia .	正如我们经常指出，我们认为，他的前任在执行安全理事会第1244（1999）号决议时允许出现几种歪曲，并几乎绕过安理会，采取了一些可能会导致把科索沃同南斯拉夫联盟共和国分割开来的严重措施。
i probably spent 100 a year on clothes . now, i spend that much every three weeks . . . on this haircut, which i also hate !	我每年花在衣服上的钱也许不过100
- i was acquitted .	- 琌礚竜 - 癸 琌
hi . richard hoover for stan grossman, please .	嗨 我是Richard Hoover 请找Stan Grossman
it was an ethical and moral imperative for the international community to take urgent measures to reverse the continued marginalization of african countries in an increasingly globalizing world economy .	国际社会从道德和道义角度出发，有必要采取紧急措施，扭转非洲国家在日益全球化的世界经济中仍然处于边缘化境地这一局面。
they don't keep them in here . they'll be at ironclad . i don't know what to do .	应该会在保命公司 我没辙了
i promised her you would make love to her after me .	我答应让她排在我后面服侍你
we're gonna be, what . . . wrinkled, old queens still telling people we're cousins ?	难不成直到终老 都得对外宣称我们是堂兄弟吗
the report is based on information received by unodc as at 7 january 2008 .	本报告依据的是毒品和犯罪问题办事处截至2008年1月7日收到的信息。
that is the responsibility that the secretary-general set out for us at the last session of the general assembly .	这是秘书长在大会上届会议上为我们确定的一个责任。
in malawi, unicef co-funded the joint review of the education sector and, in 2000, provided technical inputs for the development of priorities in the policies and investment framework pif .	在马拉维，儿童基金会作为共同供资者，为教育部门的联合审查提供了支助，在2000年，还为拟订政策和投资框架的优先次序提供了技术投入。
it is well known that we attach the utmost importance to including elements of effective multilateral verification .	众所周知，我们极为重视纳入有效多边核查的内容。
table 3 world hydroelectric power consumption by region, 1985-2004	表3 1985-2004年按区域列出的世界水电消费
i can't talk now okay,	我现在不能说 行吗
what is exactly is your plan here, dad ?	你的计划到底如何 老爸 -别担心
it's true . it's called akavit .	是真的 它被叫做Akavit
the unomig police component continued to operate on the zugdidi side of the ceasefire line and maintained good cooperation with local law local enforcement agencies there .	21. 联格观察团民警部分继续在停火线祖格迪迪一侧开展工作，同当地执法机构保持良好的合作。
- his name is russell .	- 他叫Russell.
thirty-second session	第三十二届会议
hid headlamps that contain mercury must be removed at the vehicle's end of life .	车辆寿命到期后，含汞的气体放电头灯必须拆除。
a reflects adjusted distribution of approved resources between military and police personnel and operational costs categories of expenditure .	a 反映军事人员和警务人员支出类别与业务费用支出类别之间核定资源调整分配数。
as long as we're all leaving together we're fine .	大家一起走就好了
this instruction was reiterated at the 17th and 18th meetings of the programme coordinating board, with calls for greater collaboration among co-sponsors and the secretariat in terms of technical assistance, through the agreed division of labour .	25. 方案协调委员会第17和第18次会议重申了这项指示，呼吁共同赞助组织与秘书处之间通过商定的分工在技术援助方面进行更大的协作。
the wrap-up meeting we are holding today should offer an opportunity to discuss the manner in which that is reflected in the daily work of the council when addressing african subjects .	我们今天举行总结会议，应该提供一次机会，让我们能够讨论这一进程是如何反映在安理会解决非洲问题的日常工作中的。
the president, if temporarily absent from a meeting or any part thereof, shall designate a vice-president to act as president .	1. 主席暂时不能出席某次会议或会议的一部分时 应指定一名副主席代行主席职务。
a convention that lacks implementation mechanisms would be nothing more than a statement of good intentions and the years spent in negotiating and drafting would be nothing more than wasted efforts .	《公约》如果缺少执行机制，就会沦为空洞的善意表白，而多年的谈判和起草工作也将付诸东流。
- kazbek command .	-"卡兹贝克"... ...
the osce high commissioner on national minorities has helped undp to mobilize resources by writing personally to prime ministers and foreign ministers to request support for the undp programme for latvian language training .	欧安组织少数民族问题高级专员帮助了开发计划署调集资源，亲自写信给各国总理和外交部长请求支助开发计划署的拉脱维亚文培训方案。
goddamn it, get off me !	救命啊 快放手
they need your signature on some documents, so you gotta get your ass on the first flight back to san francisco .	所以快点做第一班航班到旧金山来 我需要我的财务总监 1811 01:
valmont is here .	瓦蒙来了
i don't have all day .	快說實話 我可沒時間耗著
the ring toss .	套圈.
poor kid .	可怜的孩子
hi, george . i'm home .	佐治，我回家了！
marshall, lily, sandy rivers . . .	Marshall Lily Sandy Rivers...
now, come on, let's get fender fixed . again .	这是你的
agenda item 149	议程项目149
rapid globalization and the spread of new communication technologies, both of which continue to bring numerous economic, educational and cultural benefits to the modern world also present new challenges to criminal justice .	187. 全球化的迅速展开和各种新的通信技术的推广继续在经济、教育和文化方面给现代世界带来了众多的好处，但同时也对刑事司法提出了新的挑战。
german promises not to impose their ideology were now forgotten .	德国的承诺不增税 在他们的脑海里现在都忘了.
and in cherkistani . . . ?	所以用杰克斯坦语说是
practitioners were encouraged in particular to develop victim-centred responses to gain the cooperation of victims in order to facilitate parallel investigations or actions in countries other than the one in which they had been identified .	特别鼓励从业人员采取以被害人为核心的办法以取得被害人合作，帮助促进在识别被害人身份的国家以外的国家进行的平行调查或诉讼。
a mildred plotker for you . sounds just like your twin .	是個叫蜜兒卓的
sri lanka	Sri Lanka
as part of its overall strategy to address sexual and gender-based violence, unhcr has developed specific strategies to meet the special protection needs of children .	作为其解决性暴力和针对性别的暴力的总体战略的一部分，难民专员办事处已拟定特别战略来满足特别保护儿童的需要。
be right back .	我一会回来
it's getting dark .	出发的时间越来越近
please, what are you . . .	求你了 你...
b workshop on space communications, followed by a training course on satellite communications from 22 november 2000	(b) 空间通信讲习班，然后举办空间通信培训班（2000年11月22日开始）；
- horace ain't that always the way !	真是的 每次都这样
thus the last remnant of the people who did wrong was cut off . and praise be to god, lord of the worlds .	不義的民眾，已被根絕了。－切讚頌，全歸真主 全世界的主！
when the help of god arrives and victory,	当真主的援助和胜利降临
tempus fugit .	光陰似箭哪
what ?	- 说啊
the meeting rose at 11 .40 a .m .	上午11时40分散会
the registration deadline is friday, 27 september .	登记的最后时限为9月27日星期五。
help, sam, i'm hurt !	山姆，救我，我受伤了！
- we gotta get some altitude !	我们必须飞高点！
i must add here that the sanctions regime in itself may not be perfect, but through a process of constructive dialogue with the security council, iraq can have the imperfections addressed .	我必须在此补充一点，制裁制度本身可能是不完善的，但通过与安全理事会的建设性对话进程，伊拉克能够解决不完善之处。
these are the pacific settlement of disputes and action with respect to threats to the peace, breaches of the peace and acts of aggression .	它们是和平解决争端以及针对对和平的威胁、对和平的破坏和侵略行为采取行动。
the security council and the troop-contributing countries heard a briefing under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure by h di annabi, assistant secretary-general for peacekeeping operations .	“根据暂行议事规则第39条，安全理事会和部队派遣国听取了主管维和行动助理秘书长赫迪 阿纳比通报的情况。
if ifs and buts were cocks and nuts, i'd be getting gangbanged right now .	如果这些"如果"和"并且"是老二的话 我现在已经被轮奸了
the first committee adopted draft resolution c without a vote .	第一委员会未经表决通过了决议草案C。
it also called for coordinating efforts at the national, subregional and international levels in order to strengthen the global response to the challenges and threats to international security .	它还呼吁在国家、次区域和国际一级协调努力，以加强对各种挑战以及对国际安全的威胁的全球反应。
we're ready for you .	你可以进去了
for the text of the resolution, see chapter ii, section a, resolution 2005 27 .	决议案文见第二章A节，第2005 27号决议。
b the prosecution and the defence have the right to question that witness about relevant matters related to the witness's testimony and its reliability, the credibility of the witness and other relevant matters	(b) 检控方与辩护方有权就关于该名证人的证言及其可靠性的相关事项、证人的可信性和其他相关事项询问该名证人；
notes also that, in the context of paragraph 4 a ii above, the legal subcommittee will reconvene its working group with the terms of reference as agreed upon by the legal subcommittee, to be convened for three years, from 2002 to 2004	6． 又注意到在上文第4段(a) 方面，法律小组委员会将重新召集其工作组，为期三年，从2002年至2004年，按照法律小组委员会所议定的职权范围工作；
you either wait for him to retire and buy the secret, or you listen to how i would do it .	你要不就等他退休向他买秘诀 或是听我解释要怎么表演
alejandro betts and maria angelica vernet also made statements see a ac .109 2004 sr .9 .	亚历杭德罗 贝特斯和玛莉亚 安吉莉卡 弗内两位议员也发了言（见A AC.109 2004 SR.9）。
peace and security	A. 和平与安全
mr . maxwell ?	麦克斯韦先生？
for what ?	別走
hey, i could do it this saturday .	这周六就行
achievements . some progress was made in primary and, to a lesser extent, secondary and tertiary education for girls, owing to the creation of a more gender-sensitive school environment, improved educational infrastructure, increased enrolment and retention, support mechanisms for pregnant adolescents and adolescent mothers, increased non-formal education opportunities and enhanced attendance at science and technology classes .	32. 成就．在女童初级教育方面取得了一些进展，在女孩中等教育和高等教育方面也取得了某种程度的进展，原因是，创造了对性别问题比较敏感的学校环境，教育基础设施有所改善，入学人数和继续就学人数增加，为怀孕少女和少年母亲建立了支助机制，非正规教育机会增加，修习科学技术课程的女孩人数增加。
uganda is classified as a party operating under article 5, paragraph 1 5, paragraph 1, of the protocol and had its country programme approved by the executive committee in 1994 .	该国被划为按《蒙特利尔议定书》第5条（1）行事的缔约方，且执行委员会于1994年核准了该国的国家方案。
iv two seats for the group of latin american and caribbean states	拉丁美洲和加勒比国家集团两个席位；
we must smash them .	我们必须将他们碾成粉碎.
report of the intersecretariat working group on price statistics	秘书处间价格统计工作组的报告
i figured you'd want to see it before we took him away .	我想在我们 带走他前，你会想看看
-they'd put us in mckinney hall .	-他们会把我们带到McKinney Hall.
i'm a very good cook .	我是很好的厨师
- were you stealing ?	-你要偷东西吗 -不
disarmament, demobilization and reintegration section	解除武装、复员和重返社会科
i think we ought to talk to obadiah .	我想 我們應該跟俄巴底亞先談談
the procurement and contracts unit at the united nations office at geneva processed 113 .6 million of transactions during the biennium, travel excluded, which represented a 28 per cent increase compared with the previous biennium .	553. 联合国日内瓦办事处采购和合同股在本两年期间处理了总共1.136亿美元的交易，旅行事项不在其列，同上个两年期相比，增加了28 。
international fisheries instruments with index united nations publication, sales no . e .98 .v .11 , sect . iii	《国际渔业文书，附索引》（联合国出版物，出售品编号：C.98.V.11），第三节。
it's cheat-proof	耍不了赖了
in the past six months, one alleged case of sexual exploitation and abuse was reported and appropriate measures were taken within the regulations to deal with the matter .	在过去六个月中，据报发生了一起性剥削和性辱虐事件，已经根据条例采取适当措施予以处理。
geneva, 15-26 july 2002	2002年7月15日至26日，日内瓦
and ostriches farmed are not game .	而且驼鸟农场可不是在开玩笑的.
which started kicking in by the time i finished my sales meeting . my tingle phase .	正好开完销售会议 这时候我脸上略疼
therefore, we are no less concerned about the situation in myanmar than any other country .	因此，我们对缅甸局势的关心程度不亚于任何其他国家。
in the past, the united nations and the ngo network have been described by a british newspaper as the guardian angels of the palestinian people .	过去，联合国和非政府组织网络被英国一家报纸描述为巴勒斯坦人民的“卫士天使”。
you know what was my first memory of him' ?	你知道我对他的第一印象是什么吗?
first committee	68. 第一委员会
-me ?	-我?
for further information please contact the unitar office room dc1-603 tel . 1 212 963-3021 or 963-9196 .	讨论会详情请恰法律事务厅条约科（电话:（212）963-5047；传真：（212）963-3693；电子邮件：treaty un.org）。
to that end, the women's rights unit has sent the concluding comments to the permanent missions of the states parties and post them on the division for the advancement of women web site as early as possible .	为此目的，妇女权利股还向缔约国常驻代表团寄发结论意见，同时尽快把它们放在提高妇女地位司的网站上。
the committee adopted the agenda contained in document iccd cop 5 cst 1, with minor modifications, following a statement by the representative of the secretariat .	委员会在秘书处代表发了言之后，通过了稍经修改的在ICCD COP（5） CST 1号文件的议程。
is that it's alive to me like hobbes is alive to calvin .	是，它是活的，我 像霍布斯是活的卡尔文。
the education of the roma mothers was a complementary part of the project that can help them in developing the roma identity of their children .	对罗姆族母亲的教育是该项目的补充部分，能帮助母亲们提高其子女对罗姆族身份的认同。
he has to bury a poet, and he curses and smokes on his grave .	- 还有吐口水.
because your country is no longer a friend of mine .	因为贵国已经不是我国的盟友了
australia's view is that any successor to start should contain irreversible reductions in all kinds of nuclear weapons, and a strong verification regime, and should clearly lay out a path to further disarmament .	澳大利亚认为，任何后续条约都应该包含不可逆转裁减各种核武器和强有力的核查制度，并应为进一步核裁军指明道路。
- it's gotta be . . . the most exciting thing that's ever happened around here .	这一定是这儿有史以来最轰动的一件事
the participants reiterated their appreciation of the outcome of the anguilla seminar in 2003 and confirmed the need for the special committee to review the recommendations of the seminar and to make all possible efforts to include them in its follow-up actions .	48. 与会者重申他们赞赏2003年安圭拉研讨会的成果，需由特别委员会审查研讨会的各项建议，尽量把这项建议纳入后续工作之中。
analysis conducted in sri lanka, indonesia and maldives has demonstrated how existing data can be mapped against current needs assessments and disaggregated to the subdistrict, island or village level so as to reveal significant progress, occasional over-commitments and other gaps in recovery work .	在斯里兰卡、印度尼西亚和马尔代夫进行的分析显示，如何参照目前的需求评估来安排现有的数据，并分列到地区以下、岛屿和村庄的各级数据，以显示已取得的重大进展，国外可能发生的过度承付和复原工作中的其他差距。
he's got my baby !	他抓走我的宝宝
kazakhstan supported targeted and coordinated efforts by the international community to solve burning economic, social and environmental problems, particularly in the central asian region .	哈萨克斯坦支持国际社会作出有针对性的协调努力，以解决特别是在中亚地区的紧迫经济、社会和环境问题。
agenda item 149 b	议程项目149(b)
recalling its resolutions 3327 xxix of 16 december 1974, 32 162 of 19 december 1977, 34 115 of 14 december 1979, 53 242 of 28 july 1999, 56 205 of 21 december 2001 and 56 206 of 21 december 2001,	回顾其1974年12月16日第3327（XXIX）号、1977年12月19日第32 162号、1979年12月14日第34 115号、1999年7月28日第53 242号决议、2001年12月21日第56 205号和2001年12月21日第56 206号决议，
however, most regrettably, we were unable to include the amendments proposed by one delegation, because they fell outside the framework of the draft resolution and were inconsistent with the desired objective, and because they attempted to equate the butcher and the victim .	然而，最令人遗憾的是，我们未能将一个代表团提出的修正列入，因为它们处于决议草案的框架之外，与希望的目标不一致。 因为它们试图将屠夫与受害者等同起来。
we had a good talk .	我们谈得很愉快
attendance	B．出席情况
international humanitarian law provides for largely identical protections for the trial of persons in the context of armed conflicts .	国际人道主义法对武装冲突情况下的人员审判规定了大体相同的保护。
training could include general and task- and context-specific topics, preparing personnel for performance under the specific contract and in the specific environment, such as rules on the use of force and firearms international humanitarian law and human rights law religious, gender, and cultural issues, and respect for the local population complaints handling measures against bribery, corruption and other crimes .	(b) 在相关法律范围内进行全面调查，了解在多大程度上其人员，特别是执勤时须携带武器的人员有确凿证据表明未曾参与严重犯罪，或未曾被武装部队或安保部队开除；
she gives him lots of remarks	她对他很多话说
item 4 of the provisional agenda	临时议程 项目4
perica ?	P圆?
table 2 equipment transferred from the department of peacekeeping operations	表2 从维持和平行动部储备转来的设备和剩余储备 （单位：千美元）
the how, i'm afraid, does not yield a simple answer . . . even for me .	这个问题 恐怕即使是我 也很难回答你
ms . achmad expressed deep regret at the state party's failure to implement the convention after 20 years .	Achmad女士对该缔约国在20年之后还没能执行《公约》表示深深的遗憾。
it's good for the country, don't you think ?	这样对国家有好处 你们考虑过没有？ 如果有种法律 禁止宝洁公司
this isn't the place for you .	这不是你们的地方啊
the heads of state emphasize that information and communication technology should not only act as a carrier in the information world, but also, more importantly, promote closer ties and better integration among diverse cultures and civilizations, in circumstances of respect for religious sensitivities and people's traditions, across the territories of the shanghai cooperation organization and elsewhere .	元首们强调，信息通信技术不应只是信息世界的载体，更应为多种文化和文明互相接近和相互融合服务。 在此过程中，应尊重包括本组织成员国在内的各国人民的宗教信仰和传统。
agreement concerning the relationship between the united nations and the preparatory commission for the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty organization	规定联合国同全面禁止核试验条约组织筹备委员会之间关系的协定
those who have earned the garden on that day will be better in their home and happier in their place of noonday rest	在那日，乐园的居民将在一个最优的居住之地，一个最美的休息之所。
reaffirms also that the outline should provide a greater level of predictability of resources required for the following biennium, promote greater involvement of member states in the budgetary process and thereby facilitate the broadest possible agreement on the programme budget	3． 又重申概要应能更好地预测下一个两年期所需的资源、促进会员国更多地参与预算编制过程，从而促使对方案预算达成尽可能广泛的协议；
scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the united nations	联合国经费分摊比额表
grace .	格蕾西.
robert . . .	- 爸 誰來的電話?
article xiv of annex 6 to the dpa foresees the transfer of competence of the chamber to the bosnia and herzegovina authorities .	《代顿和平协定》附件6第十四条预见到人权分庭的管辖权将移交给波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那当局。
b review of relevant united nations plans and programmes of action pertaining to the situation of social groups	(b) 审查与社会群体状况有关的联合国行 动计划和行动纲领：
humanitarian agencies, therefore, need to maintain sufficient emergency response capacity throughout the region .	因此，人道主义机构需要在整个区域维持足够的紧急反应能力。
first sign of trouble, i'm in .	一旦有危险 我立刻过去
speaking in japanese	拿刀来 快点
reiterates its determination that any actions taken by israel to impose its laws, jurisdiction and administration on the holy city of jerusalem are illegal and therefore null and void and have no validity whatsoever	1. 重申确定，以色列为将其法律、司法管辖和行政强加于耶路撒冷圣城采取的任何行动均属非法，因而是完全无效、不具任何效力的；
mr . president, you have returned to camp david .	总统先生 您返回戴维营了
we could talk to them . see what they know .	我们可以跟他们谈谈 看看他们有何线索
this is why gabon reiterates yet again its support for initiatives aimed at a consensus-based reform of the security council, as the council's expansion should derive from the dual need for representativity and effectiveness .	所以，加蓬再次表示支持旨在对安全理事会进行基于共识的改革的行动，因为安理会的扩大应当是满足代表性和实效的双重需求。
sources	依据：
thanks, retard .	谢谢，延缓。
this was confirmed by the minister for foreign affairs of colombia before a session of that country's senate on 3 august 1971 .	这一点经哥伦比亚外交部长1971年8月3日在该国议会会议上确认。
recognizing the urgent need to rebuild the damaged institutions of the palestinian authority,	认识到迫切需要重建巴勒斯坦权力机构受到破坏的各种体制机构，
urge all member states commissioning, constructing or planning nuclear power reactors or considering nuclear power programmes to become parties to the convention on nuclear safety and encourages their application of the safety standards and codes of the international atomic energy agency iaea to improve national nuclear, radiation, transport and waste safety infrastructures	1. 敦促所有试运行、建设或规划核能反应堆或考虑核能方案的会员国成为《核安全公约》缔约国，并鼓励他们适用国际原子能机构(原子能机构)的安全标准和准则以便改进国家核、放射、运输和废物安全基础设施；
let them go .	放人
you have quite an art gallery back there .	你在这里拥有一个画廊
there are many specific legal instruments that address women's right to health, such as the minimum age for marriage and laws against domestic violence .	有许多具体的法律文书强调了妇女的健康权，例如结婚的最低年龄和针对家庭暴力的法律。
mr kusumi !	滤掉2OkHz以下
- do you have any money ?	-你口袋里有钱吗?
coordination of policies geared to indigenous peoples and the peoples' self-determination has been improved by the brazilian state's ratification, in april 2004, of the international labor organization ilo convention no . 169 concerning indigenous and tribal peoples in independent countries .	2004年4月，巴西国家批准了国际劳工组织(劳工组织)关于独立国家境内土著和部族民族的第169号公约。 该项公约的批准改善了旨在帮助土著人民和人民自决的政策的协调。
it's up to you to put on a good show .	现在全看你的了，演一出好戏吧
the committee expresses its concern about the persistence of stereotypes concerning the role of women in the family and society and of attitudes and behaviours of machismo in many areas of public and private life .	258. 委员会对古巴邀请对妇女的暴力行为问题特别报告员于1999年6月访问该国表示欢迎。
rain from the clouds falls back to the earth and then runs down to the sea where the cycle begins once more .	来自云朵的雨降落回地面 然后流入海洋 然后循环再一次开始
a the state has expressly consented to the taking of such measures as indicated	(a) 该国以下列方式明示同意采取此类措施：
project areas cover trade and development issues related to intellectual property and services .	1．项目领域包括与知识产权和服务有关的贸易和发展问题。
- where do you live ? - northwest .	-你住在哪里？
different countries of the region have different approaches towards immigration and integration .	该区域不同国家对移徙和融合有不同的方针。
come after me if you're out there, over .	你们如果听到呼叫请回答，完毕。
it's fucking great .	干，真够屌了
ai amnesty international , london, uk .	9. 移徙者、难民和寻求庇护者
in the case of the elderly, this right must be approached from two different and complementary points of view a the right of elderly persons to benefit from educational programmes and b making the know-how and experience of elderly persons available to younger generations .	就老龄人而言，必须从两个不同但相辅相成的角度来看待这一权利：(a) 老龄人有权得益于教育方案；和(b) 使老龄人把知识和经验传授给子孙后辈。
it was a different matter altogether and should not be confused with the topic of diplomatic protection .	这是完全不同的事项，不应与外交保护的专题相混淆。
what can i say ?	我能说什么？
negotiations taking place under the united nations framework convention are currently seeking to define the respective responsibilities of both developing and developed countries in the face of this major goal .	按照《联合国气候变化框架公约》开展的谈判正在力求界定发达国家和发展中国家为实现这一重大目标要各自承担的责任。
foxy ?	阿福
the carbon stocks resulting from any land-use changes that occur in those areas shall not be removed from accounting and the corresponding emissions shall be fully accounted for .	在这些地带发生的任何土地利用的变化造成的碳储存不予排除在核算之外，相应排放量应全部核算。
oh, yes .	- 噢，多谢
if you love me,you'll make sure nobody hurts me again .	如果你爱我 你就不能让别人再次伤害我
now the deceased there was found on the railroad tracks just outside of the central train yard . . .	死者就陈尸在调车场外的铁轨上
amelia earhart .	Amelia Earhart.
the president, with the consent of the council, invited the representatives of eritrea, ethiopia, japan and norway, at their request, to participate in the discussion of the item without the right to vote .	主席征得安理会的同意，应厄立特里亚、埃塞俄比亚、日本和挪威代表的请求，邀请他们参加对本项目的讨论，但无表决权。
financing for development	发展筹资
okay ?	好吗？
- can i take this for you ? - no .	-背包我帮你拿
see also domnode next sibling .	See also DomNode next sibling().
whose clusters of fruits will be within easy reach .	那里面的水果伸手可得。
hear the other side . see the other side .	"一不做 二不休."
both ingc and the first national disaster management policy were formally approved in june 1999 .	1999年6月，正式核准了国家灾害管理协会和第一个国家灾害管理政策。
it takes place at the start of the auction when all registered bidders submit their initial prices .	此种评审在拍卖开始时所有已登记的竞拍人提出其最初报价后进行。
unifem is also focusing on building partnerships with non-governmental organizations such as soroptimist international, zonta international and the international union for local authorities, in support of advancing the work to eliminate violence against women .	妇发基金还着重建立同各非政府组织例如职业妇女福利互助会国际协会、国际崇德社和国际地方当局联合会等之间的伙伴关系 以协助推动消除对妇女的暴力行为的工作。
the application to rent social houses is open to the public every three years and is also organized by hi .	995. 租赁社会房屋的公开竞投同样每3年进行1次，亦是由房屋局负责。
who on earth would do a thing like that ? my wife .	- 誰居然會幹這種事情
gaby, can i just say one thing ?	Gaby 能不能让我说件事?
tomorrow it is fittings	晚饭前穿纪梵希（时装品牌
who's to say you couldn't be next ?	艾斯里 可以 难保你不是下一个他
we must step up efforts to curb excessive and destabilizing accumulation of conventional weapons as well as their uncontrolled transfers .	我们继续加紧努力，遏制常规武器过渡的和有害稳定的积累及其无控制的转让。
and they were police ?	我只是说他们是恶霸
finally, the twelfth united nations congress on crime prevention and criminal justice, to be held in brazil in 2010, will feature a workshop on strategies and best practices to reduce overcrowding in correctional facilities .	最后，定于2010年在巴西举行的第十二届联合国预防犯罪和刑事司法大会将举办一次讲习班，讨论减少矫正机构中过度拥挤现象的战略和最佳做法。
the firearms act prohibits the manufacture of firearms or ammunition in belize without a license .	《火器法》禁止在伯利兹无照生产制造火器和弹药。
okay . i'll take care of it .	好吧 我会处理好的
the expelling state is required to balance its own interests against those of the individual .	驱逐国需要在本国利益与个人利益之间实现平衡。
since october 1999, the deficit has steadily increased, resulting in the emergence of pressure on the local currency, the gourde, which lost about 17 per cent on average of its value against the united states dollar between october 1999 and march 2000 .	自1999年10月以来，财政赤字稳步上升，使当地货币古德受到很大压力，从1999年10月至2000年3月古德对美元的价值平均损失了17 。
but there is a way that i can be free of that . - how ?	現在 只有你想我的時候我才能回來
- hello .	你好
he was my friend .	他是我的朋友。
even medication must be approved and come before a committee .	连医药也需要核准，也需要一个委员会讨论。
that fragmentation had been aggravated by the fall in aid from donors and the financial restrictions imposed on the palestinian authority following the palestinian legislative council elections in 2006 .	自2006年巴勒斯坦立法委员会选举以来，因外部援助减少，和对巴勒斯坦权力机构施加的财务限制，更使这种支离破碎的情况恶化。
yeah, i'm ready . all right .	- 好 我准备好了
individuals such as johnny parreira have been identified as pilots who in the past have flown sanctions busting missions in angola .	已查明象Johnny Parreira这样的个人是飞行员，曾在安哥拉执行破坏制裁的飞行任务。
it's done .	太迟了
the time had come to return to the settlement plan and to implement it strictly and resolutely since that was the responsibility incumbent on the united nations with respect to the decolonization of western sahara in accordance with its charter .	已到了应反转来执行解决计划的时候了，因为这是联合国按照其《宪章》在西撒哈拉非殖民化问题上已承担的义务。
caribbean conservation agency	加勒比养护协会
we're here .	到了
- what about now ?	-现在呢
but they're all real worried about me .	穦 穦 厩 柑 瞷
i haven't admitted to anything illegal, but i've confessed to behaving badly twice .	我没做过违法的事情 却承认做过两次坏事
at international level, focsiv has consolidated its relations both with the european union and the european parliament by a constant dialogue with development directorate-general and youth directorate-general .	在国际一级，世界志愿人员联合会加强与欧洲联盟和欧洲议会的关系，与发展总干事和青年总干事经常进行对话。
surely it would be unreasonable to refer individuals injured by a foreign state outside its territory to its courts as a condition precedent to the institution of international proceedings by the state of which the victim was a national and this, despite the absence of a genuine link between the injured individual and the respondent state .	如果要求一外国在其领土以外所造成的伤害的受害人在该外国法院提出起诉，并以此作为受害人为其国民的国家提起国际诉讼的先决条件，这的确是不合理的；况且，受害人与被告国之间并不存在真正联系。”
stop it, you brat .	好了 小子
flower, sunlight, the moonbeams, is all this, thou kiss .	鲜花，阳光，月色 这一切都是，汝之吻."
the secretariat received a large number of responses to that request, and the secretariat accordingly plans to issue similar requests regularly .	秘书处收到了大量回复，因而计划今后定期提出类似要求。
new zealand joined with the other members of the pacific islands forum in responding to a request from the solomon islands government for police and military assistance to end the actions of armed criminals responsible for the deterioration in the social and economic conditions in the solomon islands .	新西兰与太平洋岛屿论坛的其他成员一道，对所罗门群岛政府提出的一项要求作出回应，提供警察和军事方面的援助，以制止造成所罗门群岛社会和经济状况恶化的武装犯罪分子的行为。
i'm from the press ! -why are you disturbing him ?	你为什么在骚扰他？
no, though i have got this new thing i've been working on .	没有 虽然我最近有新东西做
the supplementary schemes are designed to provide for expenses not covered under the basic schemes, and the staff member pays the full contribution .	补充方案旨在为基本方案覆盖范围以外的费用提供保险，工作人员全额缴保费。
there is concern about cartel-like restraints, exclusionary conduct and monopoly leveraging by dominant firms, practices or mergers which may chill technological innovation including those relevant to proprietary de facto standards, interoperability access to essential facilities and network effects and the effects of over-broad grants of iprs .	在这种情况下就可以采取干预行动。 人们对下列情况感到担心：像卡特尔那样的限制；大公司的排斥行为和垄断操纵；妨碍技术革新的做法或合并(包括那些与专有权事实上的标准、获得基本设施的协同工作能力、网络效应等有关的做法和合并)；以及过于宽泛地授予知识产权所产生的后果。
based on the provisions of general assembly resolution 55 235, the movement upwards of the republic of korea and trinidad and tobago are subject to the appropriate transitional periods .	12. 根据大会第55 235号决议的规定，大韩民国和特立尼达和多巴哥的上调将有适当的过渡期。
i law for international assistance in investigation	《向调查工作提供国际援助法》
bobby ?	- 你能给他打个电话吗?
but testing must be voluntary, accessible and confidential, supported with counselling and accompanied by access to treatment wherever possible .	但是检测必须是自愿、开放和保密的，并在一切可能情况下提供咨询服务及治疗服务。
so you got the tape ?	你拿到了那盘磁带?
go on, stand there .	-罗恩
it's weird, war .	这很奇怪，战争。
oh, i'm so sorry .	噢 真遗憾
reaffirming that all human rights are universal, indivisible, interdependent and interrelated and that the international community must treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner, on the same footing and with the same emphasis, and that the significance of national and regional particularities and various historical, cultural and religious backgrounds must be borne in mind,	确认所有人权都是普遍、不可分割、相互依存和相互关联的，国际社会必须以公正和平等的方式，在同样的基础上，以同样的重视程度，全面处理人权，而且必须铭记各国和各区域特点以及各种历史、文化和宗教背景的重要性，
noting the constitutional review of 1992-1993, according to which the population of the cayman islands expressed the sentiment that the existing relations with the united kingdom should be maintained and that the current status of the territory should not be altered,	注意到1992-1993年的宪法审查。 表明开曼群岛居民的意愿 认为目前与大不列颠及北爱尔兰联合王国的关系应予维持 领土的现有地位不应改变。
it's one of our tricks, if two comrades are taken in at the same time, we fight, accuse each other, do whatever it takes to keep them from getting everyone .	这是一种默契 如果两个人同时被捕 为了确保不被一网打尽
laughs stifles laugh okay, i . . .	好吧 我...
a second activity could be the development of a smart search option - one that selects and filters for relevant documents and self-sorts them using existing software, which will be researched for suitability .	另一项活动可以是制定一种“智能”搜索选项 - 它“选择”有关文件并进行“过滤”和自我分类（使用经过研究认为适合的现存软件）。
you don't remember ?	有可能 你不记得名字？
hmm !	哼!
26 supra n .	E CN.6 2005 1。
this constituted the largest portion of the allocatable programmes, supporting 137 non-annex i parties with approximately us 79 .6 million in funding .	这在“可拨款”方案中占最大部分，以大约7 960万美元的经费支助了137个非附件一缔约方。
ensuring effective secretariat support for sustained follow-up to the outcome of the international conference on financing for development	会议的结果开展持续后续行动
miss grand councilwoman !	委员长！
peace is not just the absence of war at the expense of the inalienable rights of the weak .	和平并不是以牺牲弱者的不可剥夺权利来消弭战争。
c the president and members of the constitutional court were sworn in and commenced their functions .	(c) 院长和法官已经宣誓就职并开始履职。
i agree . if we didn't have ours . . . right ?	但如果我們能有自己的休息場所...
not today, mr . weasley but i must impress on both of you the seriousness of what you have done	了 學校裡 嚴格 的 限制 制度 。
nonetheless, ctps are not necessarily the most appropriate and effective means of tackling extreme poverty and protecting human rights in all contexts .	然而现金转拨方案并不一定是在所有情况下解决赤贫和保护人权的最合适和最有效的手段。
i'm very proud of the man dustin has become .	? Ain't gonna miss around? ?
since 1975, the hmongs, like the other lao ethnic groups, have enjoyed independence and freedom and have become the true rulers of the country .	“委员会在结论性意见同一段第二部分希望 知道《公约》是否已获监护委员会核准'。
- hi, sam .	- 你好，山姆
the under-secretary-general for internal oversight services introduced the report of that office a 59 408 .	主管内部监督事务副秘书长介绍了监督厅的报告（A 59 408）。
do you understand it ?	你懂吗
the outstanding contributions impede the ability of the secretariat to reimburse member states contributing troops to the force .	未缴摊款妨碍了秘书处向观察员部队派遣部队的会员国偿款的能力。
oh, here you are !	你来了
come on, you catch the killer, i get the story .	拜托 你抓凶手 我抢新闻
a number of the issues treated with in section ii cross-cut the various article headings and this summary focuses on specific areas of section ii that have especially significant gender implications and or wider socio-economic implications by extension .	第二部分的许多问题与各条款标题相交叉。
there is no doubt that buddhists, hindus and muslims have been deeply shocked by this brutal attack, but no religious society acted with commendable restraint .	毫无疑问，佛教徒、印度教徒和穆斯林都被这种残暴袭击深深震惊，但没有哪个宗教团体表现出值得称赞的克制。
then could you ask rem to kill l ?	你可以拜托雷姆吗 请雷姆杀死L
aaii chairman met with secretary general kofi annan and the unfpa executive director thoraya ahmed obaid in june, 2004 at united nations headquarters in new york to discuss the importance of establishing a network of islamic organizations for population and development .	2004年6月，学会会长在纽约联合国总部会见秘书长科菲 安南和人口基金执行主任苏拉亚 艾哈迈德 奥贝德，讨论了建立一个人口与发展问题伊斯兰组织网络的重要意义。
with the adoption of resolution 1624 2005 , the security council has placed additional responsibilities on the committee .	随着第1624(2005）号决议的通过，安全理事会赋予该委员会更多的职责。
i carry your heart .	[Laughs]
- i already have a hobby .	-我已经有了
well, guys . . . we have to jump into the vega sector . . . a little sooner than planned .	我们必须比计划时间更快到达织女星系
i wonder what it is .	穦琌 或
-my daughter .	-我的女儿。 -一个多么漂亮的女孩！
there's a man down here ! he killed ryan !	这里是个男人，他杀死了瑞恩！
you're not going home ?	你不回去啊？
and he said, o my sons, do not enter by one gate, but enter by different gates . i cannot avail you anything against god . the decision rests only with god . on him i rely, and on him let the reliant rely .	他说：我的孩子们，不要从一道城门进城，应当分散开，从几道城门进去。我对于真主的（判决），毫无裨益于你们；一切判决只归真主，我只信赖他，让一切信赖者都只信赖他吧！
if the operational areas of control highlighted above are addressed, the prosecutor sees no immediate need to seek any further realignment of administrative structures beyond the creation of a separate translation service of the office of the prosecutor .	如果上文突出的业务控制问题得到解决，则除了为检察官办公室成立单独的翻译事务外，检察官看不出立即需要设法进一步重新高速行政结构。
11a .11 three intergovernmental commissions were established at the ninth session of the conference as subsidiary bodies to the trade and development board see a 51 308, paras . 107-111 to perform integrated policy work in their respective areas of competence, as explained below .	11A.11 在贸发会议第九届会议时成立了三个政府间委员会，作为贸易和发展理事会的附属机关（见A 51 308，第107至111段），以在其各自职能领域从事综合政策工作，下面加以说明。
now you're going to do exactly what i tell you, dylan .	现在乖乖照着我的话去做，迪伦
developments in afghanistan	阿富汗境内的事态发展
that's it, jeff . you've got it .	杰夫 接住了
while some exposure pathways are better understood than others, the full extent of health damages in many of these pathways is not known .	虽然有些接触途径比其他途径容易了解，但人们还不了解这些途径给人类健康造成的全部危害。
second segment	第二部分
mm-mm . more wine .	要更多红酒
right here, right here . got that end ? hold that steady .	抓住那头没有 拿稳了
you're wrong . it's great out here .	你错了 这是灿烂的。
'tis on the porch where they left it .	走了，我不想接触他们
permanent mission of japan to the international	Permanent Mission of Japan to the International
however, it may be impossible to read the communication for a number of reasons, in particular, the encoding may be incompatible or the message may be corrupted .	但由于某些原因，特别是由于编码方法不兼容或者电文已被损坏，该项通信无法阅读。
the acting president in accordance with general assembly resolution 477 v of 1 november 1950, i now call on the observer for the league of arab states .	代理主席（以英语发言）：按照1950年11月1日大会第477（V）号决议，我现在请阿拉伯国家联盟观察员发言。
g other relevant organizations, classified as government or public agencies, academic institutions, ngos, cbos, the private sector, regional and local authorities and the media, starting with a basic list and gradually integrating other data focal points, addresses, telephone, fax, e-mail addresses, web sites, membership, etc indication as to whether they participate in the national unccd committee or council	(g) 其它有关组织，分为政府或公共机构、学术机构、非政府组织、社区组织、私营部门、区域和地方主管部门和新闻媒体，从基本清单开始，逐渐增加其他信息：行动中心、地址、电话号码、传真号码、电子邮件地址、网址、成员情况等；说明它们是否参加《公约》国家委员会或理事会；
the office of the prosecutor shall transmit the requests for cooperation made by the prosecutor and shall receive the responses, information and documents from requested states .	检察官办公室应发出检察官的合作请求书 接受被请求国的答复、资料和文件。
- this is not how we're gonna fit in with the neighbors .	它不会导致我们s? siad w。
stratcom is tracking 3 warheads that have just launched off the polar icecap .	战略中心追踪到了3个弹头 刚刚从北极冰冠发射了
what's going on ?	怎么回事
neutrality of portals containing industry information is particularly crucial since they will be supplying information on the available service providers from developing countries .	提供行业信息的综合网站保持中立性尤其重要，因为这些网站也将提供关于发展中国家的现有的服务供应方面的资料。
- come on, game it up .	来吧 好好玩哈
the house of representatives approved the bill in september 2004, but it expired as per congressional rule owing to inaction in the senate .	美国众议院批准了该法案，但由于美国参议院未采取行动，根据国会规则该法案失效。
no one's ever been that rude to me before .	没有人去过那个粗鲁的在我面前。
they tor' jen .	那 你 懂 嗎?
the second element which was decisive was the fact that priority was accorded to the political and economic dimension and to restructuring the state, rather than to finger-pointing .	第二个决定性的因素就是优先重视政治和经济层面及国家的改组，而不是进行责怪。
i've been in the locker room .	我在更衣室见过.
but tell me this	那来看看这个
a separate list specifying the names of the members of the party of the head of state or government who require access to the united nations as well as their occupations aides de camp, interpreters, physicians etc . must be submitted together with the sg .6 forms to the protocol and liaison service .	21. 国家元首、政府首脑随行人员中有成员需要进出联合国的，须单独编制名单，其中列出这些人员的姓名和职业（侍从武官、翻译、医生等），连同SG.6表提交给礼宾和联络处。
in support of the mobilization of domestic financial resources for development, undp is working for developing awareness at the country level of the development role and impact of private enterprise .	41. 为了支持调集国内资源以促进发展，开发计划署正设法在国家一级提高人民认识私营企业对发展的作用和影响。
later, however, on 3 july 1997, the constitutional court found that male primacy in the order of succession to noble titles as provided for in the act of 11 october 1820 and the act of 4 may 1948 was neither discriminatory nor unconstitutional .	然而，后来在1997年7月3日，宪法法院裁定，1820年10月11日的法以及1948年5月4日的法所规定的在贵族头衔继承顺序方面男性优先既不是歧视性的，也不违背宪法。
someone told me . . . that on the day my father finally returned . . . my mother put on her red jacket, my father's favorite . . . and stood by the road to wait for him .	后来，我听乡亲们说 当父亲真正和母亲 相聚的那一天到来时 母亲又特意穿上了 那件父亲喜爱的红棉袄
the subject of inter-agency mobility is both complex and complicated .	机构间调动的问题错综复杂。
loss of spouse support group .	这是丧偶互助会
it shall be the responsibility of the staff member to notify the secretary-general of any revocations or changes of beneficiaries .	工作人员取消或改变受益人时，应负责通知秘书长。
they said, 'build him a building, and cast him into the furnace !'	他們說： 你們應當為他而修一個火爐，然後，將他投在烈火中。
at the beginning of the reporting period, a car was stopped by kfor at a checkpoint near batusa .	9. 在本报告所述期间头几天，驻科部队在巴图萨附近一个检查站拦截了一辆轿车。
the ring from the finger was engraved with the name clark william edwards .	那手指上的戒指刻著的名字是克拉克 威廉 愛德華
so here i am sleeping on the airplane heading up to alaska .	这是在飞往阿拉斯加的飞机上睡了拍的相片。
it's your call .	全听你的
we're taking over here .	這城市我們要了
a token unto them is the dead earth . we revive it, and we bring forth from it grain so that they eat thereof	他們有一種蹟象：已死的大地，我使它復活，我使它生長糧食，以作他們的食品。
do you want to be my daughter-in-law ?	你是不是很想当我媳妇？
this is one job we, the local police can do .	我们只有这些事情可以做
that is all .	把那个切掉
and indeed your lord knows what is hidden in their bosoms, and what they disclose .	你的主，的确知道他们的胸中隐匿的和他们所表白的。
wait for me after school .	放學後等我
i'm on the corner .	我在角落里。
in sub-saharan africa, women are 1 .2 times more likely to be infected than men .	在撒哈拉以南非洲，妇女比男子的感染机率高1.2倍。
in montenegro a number of live-born babies per one woman is going down .	901．黑山每位妇女的活产婴儿数量在减少。
summary of the fund-raising position as of 30 november 2001	到2001年11月30日的筹款情况摘要
she's not my real aunt i know human ash .	她不是我姑姑 我分辨得出人的骨灰
national staff increase of 1 post national professional officer	本国工作人员：增加1个员额(本国专业干事)
references for the sixty-third session agenda items 130 and 131	卢旺达问题国际刑事法庭2008-2009两年期第一次执行情况报告(A 63 558)
well, when you're all out of hope, god is all you get . now, say it . - our father .	主啊 派给我们一个天使军队
there's fire and tools and a man's grimy hands . . . building what soon is revealed as a gleaming set of claws .	我们看到大伙跟工具 还有一只脏脏的手 很快地我们发现 那是可怕的爪子
no, you're lying .	不 你在撒謊
all right .	好的
the need for social protection initiatives that provide income or consumption transfers to the poor, protect against livelihood risks and ill-health, and promote social justice by enhancing the social status and rights of the marginalized is being increasingly recognized .	目前越来越多的人认识到实行各种社会保护举措的必要性，要向贫困者提供收入或消费能力预防生计风险和疾病，并通过提高边缘群体的社会地位和权利来推动社会正义。
her country was benefiting tremendously from unctad's technical analysis, particularly as regards small island developing states .	牙买加，特别是作为小岛屿发展中国家，正在从贸发会议的技术分析得到巨大好处。
call me if you need to .	有事打電話給我
the office looked forward to receiving support to monitor this registration, as well as the registration of internally displaced persons in kosovo .	难民署期待在监督这一登记以及对科索沃内部流离失所者登记的工作将会的获得支持。
as my mom used to say,	正如我妈妈常说的
the northern sudan disarmament commission formed under the dpa has signed memorandums of understanding with some tribal shura councils in darfur in which it was agreed that these tribes would commit themselves to disarming individuals and groups within the framework of the dpa and in accordance with international standards .	根据《和平协议》组建的北苏丹解除武装委员会已经与达尔富尔的一些部落舒拉委员会签订谅解备忘录，其中商定，这些部落将承诺在《和平协议》框架内根据国际标准解除个人和团体的武装。
let us seek the well-being of our peoples today but not forget that our children will live on this planet tomorrow .	让我们今天在寻求我们各国人民的福祉的同时不要忘记我们的后代明天还将生活在这个星球上。
flagship reports	B. 最重要的报告
ever see moths fly into a flame ?	保护我们? 你看过飞蛾扑火吗?
- what's so good about it ?	这哪里好？
moreover, there is no support for the principle of priority in the practice of the united nations .	此外，联合国实践中也没有实行优先原则的佐证。
i just remembered where i know you from .	我刚记起来 在哪里见过你了
forms of cooperation involving courts	2. 有法院参与的合作形式
her husband was the financial planner .	她先生是位财务分析师
we fed not the needy,	也沒有濟貧，
how dare you soil this threshold ?	不许你玷污这儿的门槛！
catch me if you can .	追我吧 如果你能追上的话
solutions should be sought to avoid massive imposition of measures during such periods .	应寻找解决办法，以避免在开工不足时间采取大规模制裁措施。
check the chemical plants in dunkirk .	化工業者 科學家 美容師 查查敦克爾克附近的化工廠
extensive portions of the federal court's decision are cited in french translation in the journal des tribunaux, vol . i droit f d ral, 1995, p . 537 .	联邦法庭判决的长篇摘录已译成法文，载于《法庭公报》，联邦法，1995年，第523页至537页。
- you too, really .	-我也是 真的
my massive intellect and an apple for simon foster .	还有给Simon Foster的苹果
however, of an estimated 2 million children currently not attending school, 1 .3 million are girls .	但估计现在仍有200万儿童未能上学，其中130万是女童。
no !	不，不要，我的球...
working from their homes, they sent e-mails to friends, clubs and networks urging people to donate 1 or more to unfpa .	她们在她们的家里展开工作，她们发电子邮件给她们的朋友，给各俱乐部和网络，促请每人捐献 美元或更多的钱给人口基金。
the koran tells us to deal justly with all, even if they disagree with us , exhorting us when you judge between men, judge with justice, and if people aggress against you, remain just because justice is close to piety .	《古兰经》告诉我们要“公正地对待每一个人，即便他们与我们意见相左”，它同时劝诫我们“在你们对人作裁决的时候，要公正地裁决，如果有人侵犯了你，仍要保持公正，因为公正近似虔诚。”
formulation of a united arab position on practical measures to be taken to make the middle east a nuclear-weapons-free zone	16. 阿拉伯在采取实际措施使中东成为无核武器区问题上形成统一立场
there are two issues at stake here .	这里涉及两个问题。
recorded information	西撒哈拉问题
come on ! we've got a long way !	快点 帅哥 前面的路还长着呢
oh, sheepdip .	-去你的計劃
undp, stressing its strong country-level presence and capacity development experience, reaffirmed its continued effort to ensure that the goals of the montreal protocol were met in a sustainable fashion .	开发计划署由于其强有力的在国家一级的派驻力量和能力建设经验 重申它将继续努力确保以可持续方式实现《蒙特利尔议定书》的目标。
ibid ., 1987 united nations publication, sales no . e .96 .v .6 , pp . 174-175, under item 5 .	17 同上，1987年（联合国出版物，出售品编号：E.96.V.6），英文第174-175页，项目5下。
you might wanna try this . i make a sauce, we call it fancy sauce . . .	你是否想嘗嘗這個 我做了調味醬 我們稱它為"夢幻調味醬"...
it is therefore necessary that we redouble our efforts to achieve that goal .	因此，我们必须加倍努力实现这一目标。
and beware of discord which does not afflict the wrongdoers among you exclusively and know that god is severe in retribution .	你们当防备一种灾难，（否则），受害的绝不限于你们中的不义者，你们要知道，真主的刑罚确是严厉的。
a the definition of pensionable remuneration is set out in article 54 of the regulations of the united nations joint staff pension fund .	(a) 应计养恤金薪酬的定义载于《联合国合办工作人员养恤基金条例》第54条。
wait . - wait .	等等
while overall debt levels were declining, in 2007 net private inflows to developing countries surpassed 1 trillion a 270 million increase from 2006 .	9. 虽然债务的全面数额逐渐减少，但在2007年流入发展中国家的私人资金净额超过了1兆美元（比2006年增加了2.7亿美元）。
at the same time, it is the firm view of the inspectors that the most important procedural details of the process should be regulated in an administrative issuance to ensure stability, consistency, accountability and transparency .	与此同时，检查专员们坚定地认为，应当通过行政指示对考试进程中最为重要的程序细节作出规定，以便确保稳定性、一致性、问责制和透明度。
can't give you guys a lift, huh ?	结果两种方式都行不通
that strategy also envisaged the use of labour-intensive technologies and the expansion of social services .	预定的战略还有利用劳动力密集型技术以及扩大社会服务。
other reports on cross-cutting issues	十. 关于共有问题的其他报告
the ontario federation of indian friendship centres received 476,000 over two years to implement the kanawayhitowin campaign in aboriginal communities across ontario .	安大略印第安人友谊中心联合会在两年时间里获得了476 000加元的款项，用于在安大略土著社区开展Kanawayhitowin活动。
looking forward, dialogue with recipient countries and discussions with the gef agencies in the framework of the pops task force point to growing demand from recipient countries and to full utilization of pops resources by the end of the gef-4 replenishment period .	展望未来，在持久性有机污染物的工作队框架内开展的与受援国的对话和与全环基金各机构的讨论表明，受援国的需求正在增长，并且到全环基金第四次充资期结束时持久性有机污染物的资源应该能够得到充分利用。
are you serious ?	你没开玩笑吧？
i've decided to fix this case in everybody's interests .	我决定让这事关系到每人的利益
d reports of the advisory committee on administrative and budgetary questions .	秘书长的报告：载有前南斯拉夫问题国际法庭2001年经费筹措拟议所需经费（A 55 517和Corr.1和Add.1）
trends in the world commodity economy	二. 世界商品经济的趋势
chile draft resolution	智利：决议草案
salazar made us .	Salazar看到我们了
a letter on this subject, including an information note and a nomination form, was addressed to all the permanent missions .	已向所有代表团发出了关于这一事项的信件，其中附有一件资料说明及一份提名表。
we accord high priority to this exercise, and we are fully committed to it .	我们给予这一做法十分重要的优先地位，并且充分致力于这样做。
- audience gasping - cut it out ! oh-	住手
look, all the years of training and planning for this mission have been a privilege .	我很荣幸 能为火星任务受训
the phenomenon of consensus among contributors portends catastrophic impact on the whole globe, but more especially on poor countries, which are least equipped financially and technologically to adapt in a sustained manner .	发言者意见一致，预示着全球将遭受灾难性影响，特别是穷国，因为它们在财力和技术上长期处于弱势。
linaanddoon tied their hope to a rock . . . and tossed it down toward the city .	莉娜和杜恩把他们的希望 系在一块小石头上... 朝着微光城丢了下去
such preference or priority may be withdrawn by the council if the contractor has failed to comply with the requirements of its approved plan of work for exploration within the time period specified in a written notice or notices from the council to the contractor indicating which requirements have not been complied with by the contractor .	在理事会对承包者发出书面通知，指出承包者未遵循的要求后，如果承包者未能在通知规定的时限内依照核准的勘探工作计划的要求行事，理事会可撤消这种优惠或优先。
7 .0 reporting and tracking progress for saicm implementation	7.0 SAICM 实施报告和进展跟踪
in this regard the council reiterates that the mechanism should continue to collect and provide timely, objective, accurate and reliable information on violations and abuses committed against children affected by armed conflict and to operate with the participation of and in cooperation with national governments and relevant united nations and civil society actors, including at the country level .	“在这方面，安理会重申该机制应继续收集和提供及时、客观、准确和可靠的信息，揭露侵犯和虐待受武装冲突影响儿童的行为，并应在各国政府以及联合国和民间社会相关行为体的参与和合作下开展工作，包括在国家一级这样做。
now that the conflict has legally been put to rest, the people of eritrea want to leave this awful experience behind them and move on with life afresh .	现在，已经以法律方式平息冲突，厄立特里亚人民想把这一可怕的经历忘掉，以全新的态度继续生活。
together, we must bring about respect and harmonious and peaceful complementarity among our nations and communities .	我们必须一起使我们国家之间和社区之间实现尊重，实现和谐而和平的互补。
- no dna, no prints .	没有NNA 没有指纹
internally, with regard to humanitarian workers and staff a undertake and promote humanitarian activities in a manner that minimizes opportunities for sexual exploitation and abuse and b all unicef staff and partners are to sign the code of conduct and be aware of appropriate mechanisms for reporting breaches of its six core principles .	在内部，就人道主义工作者和工作人员而言：(a) 以适当方式开展并促进人道主义活动，尽量减少性剥削和性虐待的机会；(b) 儿童基金会所有工作人员和伙伴都应签署《行为守则》，并了解对违反其六项核心原则的行为予以举报的适当机制。
it had submitted its safety standards and practices for peer review at the recent third review meeting of the convention on nuclear safety .	它已将其安全标准和实践提交最近举行的核安全公约第三届审查会议进行同行审查。
then you turn into . . .	不然你会变成... ...
- ready, captain . - we are being hailed .	准备好了 我们收到信号
additional nominations of experts, or indications of willingness to support the costs of travel and participations of experts in the ma process, by parties to the unccd, would be very helpful .	《荒漠化公约》缔约方如任命额外专家，或表示愿意支持专家参与千年生态系统评估程序并愿为他们承担旅费，则将会大有帮助。
- where'd you get those ?	- 你怎么搞到这个的?
then i'll earn my keep .	然后我会挣得我的生活费
with them came others .	和他们一起来的人
alright, official members of the zombie squad usa . . . .	我们是美国僵尸小队的正式队员
the general assembly	大会：
i just asked a question they didn't know to ask . - that's all .	我只是問了他們 沒想到要問的問題而已
on the issue of the capacity of the rwandan judiciary, the government of rwanda continues to make significant progress, despite its modest means, in developing the human and infrastructural capacity of the judiciary .	关于卢旺达的司法能力问题，卢旺达政府尽管能力有限，继续在发展司法的人力和基础设施能力方面取得重大进展。
according to the responses summarized in the report, the focus on human rights education in primary and secondary schools should continue since the aims of the first phase have not yet been achieved .	报告汇总的答复表明，应继续把中小学的人权教育作为重点，因为第一阶段的目标尚未实现。
chapter i, para .	第一章，第5段。
and, perhaps even more important, the expert group reports have identified similar avenues of follow-up action that the council could pursue, including in relation to regional or other competent organizations such as the economic community of west african states and the international criminal police organization interpol .	也许更加重要的是，专家组报告还确定了类似的安理会可以采取后续行动的渠道，包括同西非国家经济共同体和国际刑事警察组织(刑警组织)等区域组织或其他主管组织有关的渠道。
- andy ?	- 安迪？
i'll get you out ! stay calm !	我想办法拉你出来，冷静
you know, i was thinking the other day, i know so little about you .	我前几天在想，我都不了解你
- oh, no idea .	不知道
the question thus becomes what kind of changes in the methodology of the decision-making process, that is in the preparation of decisions, in the type of documents describing the programmes and in the role of the secretariat, would it be necessary to make to enable the united nations to define achievable results ?	17. 因此，问题在于：在决策方法、决策过程、描述方案的文件和秘书处的作用中，应当作出那些改变，以使联合国能够界定可实现的成果？
be careful . a lot depends on how you answer .	想好了 就一句话
i just peed myself a little .	我刚尿了一点出来
criminal procedure code, ch . 91	《刑事诉讼法》，第91章
she's not moving but not dead . . .	不会动但也不是尸体...
don't leave me !	别丢下我
it had been stressed during the informal consultations that the negotiations had reached a stage at which it should be possible to find solutions that would bridge the various well-known positions of delegations, and that those proposals should be collectively viewed in context .	7. 在非正式协商期间强调指出，谈判已达到可找到解决办法的阶段，这些办法可以弥合大家都熟悉的各代表团不同的立场，并强调应连贯和整体地看待这些提案。
you call me .	你打电话给我。
we must remain unwavering in our commitment to the promotion and protection of human rights and the rule of law .	我们必须坚定不移地致力于促进并保护人权和法治。
n . . . kin !	巾！
for them . . . ! ?	他们...
i'm using her body to return to life .	我是借她的肉身还魂啊
it had recently submitted its second periodic report to the committee on the rights of the child .	最近，布基纳法索已经向儿童权利委员会提交了定期报告。
the goal is to use space-based technology to connect students with their environment and with each other .	项目目标是利用空间技术将学生与环境以及学生彼此间联系起来。
he was going sheep-crazy, i'll give you that . where is your hand right now ?	他只是在發羊瘋 妳現在刻度在哪?
do you copy ?	喂 收到了吗
it did not establish a rigid framework for future work .	它并未制订关于今后工作的严格框架。
sorry . all out of gas .	对不起 这里没有汽油了
forthcoming informal consultations convened by delegations	代表团召集的其他预定举行的非正式协商
the power of the victim is incredible .	受害人的力量是难以置信的
h . draft resolution a c .3 56 l .47	H. 决议草案A C.3 56 L.47
look at these new readouts . the danger is real !	看看这些数据，危险是真实存在的
mr . sheehan assistant secretary-general, office of logistics, management and mine action service said he shared the committee's concerns about the air service contract the department of peacekeeping operations was taking firm action to deal with the problems noted .	16. Sheehan 先生（后勤、管理和除雷行动厅助理秘书长）说，他同委员会一样关注空运合同问题；维持和平行动部正采取坚决的行动处理这一问题。
you have no other chance .	没得选择.
arthur, george ! the house is on fire ! wake all the men .	亚瑟 乔治 房子着火啦
here we go .	开始
- what preventive controls and surveillance measures has the libyan arab jamahiriya put in place to ensure that funds intended for the financing of terrorism are not transferred through charitable, religious or cultural organizations ?	- 阿拉伯利比亚民众国采取了何种预防性管制和监测措施确保无法利用慈善、宗教或文化组织转让意图用以资助恐怖主义的资金？
kick some iraqi ass !	给伊拉克人好看！
the principle of avoiding multiple nationality applies regardless of the naturalization candidate's nationality and ethnic origin .	不管入籍申请者的国籍和族裔为何，避免多重国籍的原则都适用。
law on the crossing of the state border and the movement in the border area, official gazette of the sfry, nos 34 79, 56 80 and 53 85 and the official gazette of the fry, nos . 24 94 and 28 96	- 《跨越国家边界和边境地区行动法》，南斯拉夫社会主义联邦共和国政府公报，第34 79、56 80和53 85号；南斯拉夫联邦共和国政府公报第24 94和28 96号；
i've had that hangover .	我经历过这样的宿醉
i just want to get back out there and pick up my life where i left off .	但是，作为一个明智的哲学家曾经说过， "我们永远不会复合了。"
official development assistance continued to fall while trade barriers and high tariffs made it difficult for african products to reach international markets, especially those of the developed countries .	官方发展援助继续下降，而贸易壁垒和高关税使得非洲产品难以进入国际市场，特别发达国家的市场。
golf is a game played by gentlemen .	高尔夫球是绅士们玩的比赛
finally . . .	果然
well, what's it gonna be ?	所以你们怎么办
section 2 final provisions	第2节 最后规定
non-governmental organizations and community- based organizations	B. 非政府组织 以社区为基础的组织
we agree with the secretary-general when he says that implementing such a vision will not be easy .	秘书长表示，实现这样一个愿景并非易事，我们对此表示赞同。
by the time it gets down to nickel bags, it'll be 32 million .	等分成小包零售 至少可以卖到3千2百万
well, i h pe y ur majesties are thrilled with the result .	我希望陛下对于结果很满意
annex to the letter dated 9 november 2005 from the permanent representative of georgia to the united nations addressed to the secretary-general	2005年11月9日格鲁吉亚常驻联合国代表给秘书长的信的附件
he's not thinking straight .	他脑子已经乱了
unops met, or came close to meeting, six of its eight main income and delivery targets in 1998 .	48. 项目厅完成了或接近于完成1998年收入和交付8项主要指标中的6项。
g urges the pharmaceutical industry to take note of the increasing demand for high-quality, low-cost combination treatment for malaria, particularly in africa, and to form alliances and partnerships to help ensure that no one dies from malaria because the treatment is too expensive .	(g) 敦促制药业注意特别是在非洲对质优价廉的抗疟综合药物日益增长的需求量，建立合营和伙伴关系，协助确保没有任何人因治疗过于昂贵而死于疟疾。
canada was the only state to indicate that it had circulated the consolidated list to charities .	加拿大是唯一一个表示已将综合清单分发给慈善机构的国家。
it's been a long time .	很久沒見了
over the past eight years, the security council has closely followed the implementation of resolution 1325 2000 .	过去八年来，安全理事会一直密切注视第1325(2000)号决议的执行情况。
- i used my calling card .	我用的是我的电话卡
the departure of the wet nurse .	乳母的 出發
the middle east region continues to witness a clear imbalance .	中东地区仍然处在明显的失衡状态。
we believe that the settlement of the israeli-arab and the israeli-palestinian conflicts will be brought about through the commitment of all countries to respect the relevant international resolutions .	我们认为，只有所有国家都致力于遵守有关的国际决议，以巴冲突才会得到解决。
a advisory services for the academy programme	(a) 教学方案的咨询服务
i hate making a big deal out of it .	我不想小题大作
i need to buy all four rigs .	但我四辆卡车都要买
what are our options ?	我们有什么方案
pass !	传球!
what markets does it serve geographic locations, customer segments ?	它所服务的市场有哪些(哪些地域，哪类客户群)？
of course . right on .	当然，就是这首
haven't you got your picture stuck up in enough places now ?	已到处可见 仍想搏取知名度
here they are !	他们在这里!
i object to nazis coming here and flashing their money around .	去那里几个工厂送零件。 他什么时候回来？
there will . it isn't time yet .	会有的，还不是时候呢
i'm afraid we can't do that .	- 恐怕不能这么做
see, for example, the dissenting opinion of judge krylov 1949 i . c . j . reports, p . 219 .	例如，见Krylov法官的反对意见：《1949年国际法院案例汇编》，第219页。
at the human resources level, interpreters trained to work on-site cannot perform with the same efficiency when they work remotely .	就人力资源而言，受过现场工作训练的口译员无法以同样的效率在远距离进行工作。
a schooner is a sailboat, stupid-head .	双桅船就是帆船，呆瓜
do you think i'm some, some kind of a selfish bully ?	我并非自私自利的人
sam used to clean her paintbrushes with it .	萨姆以前经常用这酒 来清理她的画笔
figure 22	图 22
why are you still dressed ?	你怎么还穿着衣服
ariane, he only has yellow trucks !	他这辈子只知道黄卡车
the working group recommended that the mandate of the working group be extended for an additional year, and that an agenda and programme of work for the fifth session be agreed and distributed well in advance of that session .	16. 工作组建议将其任务再延长一年，并建议尽早议定第五届会议的议程和工作安排，并在第五届会议召开前分发。
here, my delegation stresses that any progress towards nuclear disarmament will help enhance international security through non-proliferation .	在这方面，我国代表团要强调，核裁军方面的任何进展都将有助于通过防扩散而加强国际和平。
i was fortunate in finding things .	我在发掘方面 很走运
the varied experiences of regional organizations and arrangements have demonstrated that regional approaches to development, disarmament and security often result in successful strategies for ensuring and maintaining peace and dealing with complex cross-border issues .	区域组织和安排的不同经验表明，依据处理发展、裁军和安全问题的区域方法，经常可以制定出成功的确保与维持和平及处理复杂跨界问题的战略。
nepal voted in favour of resolution 61 295 as we are strongly committed to safeguarding and promoting the rights and interests of various ethnic and indigenous peoples .	尼泊尔对第61 295号决议投了赞成票，因为我们坚定致力于维护和促进各族裔和土著民族的权利和利益。
notes the position of the territorial government supporting the ownership and control of the natural resources of the territory, including marine resources, and its calls for the return of those marine resources to its jurisdiction .	5. 注意到领土政府支持拥有和支配领土自然资源、包括海洋资源的立场，以及它提出的归还其管辖区内的这些海洋资源的要求。
adolescent health	青少年保健
uh, toby . . . tell me you have the lynwood payment .	告诉我你拿到了林伍德那活儿的报酬 首先 我能说我差点把报酬翻三倍吗
i see tobey looking at a lighthouse .	我看到托比凝望着一座灯塔
we have previously tackled this issue in our working paper on international trade, investment and finance e cn .4 sub .2 1999 11 .	然而，正如我们在以前报告中指出的，现行国际贸易规则对不同行为者和不同社会阶层有很不同的影响。
in order to further encourage states to provide troops, we think that the security and safety of peacekeeping personnel should be reinforced, and that contacts with troop contributing countries should be enhanced .	为了进一步鼓励各国提供部队，我们认为，应加强维和人员的安全，并应加强与部队派遣国之间的接触。
the prosecutor has been conducting extensive investigations both inside and outside sierra leone with a view to going to trial shortly, the special court's courthouse having recently been opened, on 10 march 2004 .	9. 特别法庭的办公场所最近已于2004年3月10日启用，检察官则正在塞拉利昂国内外进行广泛的调查，以便能够很快进行审判。
the whack of a hacky sack .	选择音乐： 的重击 哈克麻袋。
operational entities have pointed to the difficulties of headquarters monitoring of progress in country or regional offices .	各业务实体指出了总部在监测国家或区域办事处所取得的进展方面存在的各种困难。
we support the proposal that the secretary-general appoint a special representative to coordinate international reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts with a view to mitigating the effects of the disaster in the medium and long terms .	我们支持有关秘书长应任命一名特别代表以协调国际重建与善后工作，以期在中、长期减轻这场灾害影响的建议。
but god knows best whatever they accumulate in their hearts .	真主全知道他們心中隱藏的東西，
cee also promotes and supports the participation of the organizations of cuban civil society in conferences, seminars and workshops organized by the united nations and other organizations sharing the principles of the charter of the united nations .	欧研中心参与并推动和支持古巴民间社会的各组织参与由联合国及赞同《联合国宪章》各项原则的其他组织所举办的各种讨论会、研讨会和讲习班。
requests the secretary-general to continue the practice of using 300-series contracts as the primary instrument for the appointment of new staff	4. 请秘书长继续以300号编合同作为任用新工作人员的首要工具；
are you getting smart with me here in front of your friends ?	在你朋友面前 你是不是很想表现一下?
what about your mom ?	那你妈呢？
according to article 48 3 such notice is deemed to be a request whether the buyer will accept cure within the time indicated in the notice if the buyer consents or does not react within a reasonable time the seller may cure the buyer must then accept performance and is barred from resorting to remedies inconsistent with performance .	按照第四十八条第(3) 款规定，此种通知被视为一种请求，即买方是否将接受在通知表明的时间内补救；如果买方同意或在一段合理时间内不作反应，11卖方可以补救；然后买方接受履行义务，而且不得诉诸与履行义务相抵触的补救办法。
a consider on a sector-by-sector basis the activities and programmes of the agencies of the united nations system in order to enable the council effectively to perform its functions as coordinator of the system and ensure that the work programmes of the united nations and its agencies shall be compatible and mutually complementary	(a) 逐部门审议联合国系统各机构的活动和方案，以使理事会能有效地执行其作为联合国系统的协调者的职责，并保证联合国及其各机构的工作方案彼此一致，相辅相成；
why did you do it ?	为什么这样做？
he ran from here like a whipped dog .	他像条狗夹着尾巴逃走
women and business operations in the fisheries sector	a. 渔业部门的妇女和商业经营
yes !	纽曼？
building capacity for democracy, peace and social progress	建设能力促进民主、和平和社会进步
- i don't wanna talk to him . - here he is, dad .	我不想跟他说话
an independent public service commission has been established to oversee the selection and recruitment of a new, leaner east timorese civil service and the setting up of administrative support arrangements such as the establishment of a payroll and payment system .	20. 已设立了一个独立的公务员委员会，监督挑选和征聘一支精简的东帝汶新公务人员队伍以及确立行政支助安排 如建立一个发薪和支付制度。
the advisory committee notes that it is proposed to establish a centre of excellence for talent management in bangkok escap see paras . 143-144 above and a 63 767, paras .	行预咨委会注意到，拟在曼谷(亚太经社会)设立1个人才管理英才中心(见上面第143和144段以及A 63 767，第546至548段)。
director of the staff of the ministry of justice, legislation and human rights, from 28 april 1996 to 15 april 1997 .	司法、立法和人权部办公厅主任，1996年4月28日至1997年4月15日。
thank you .	谢谢你
norway would not only increase its oda to a level of more than 0 .9 per cent of gdp, but would also support the new plan of action which could be expected from the forthcoming third united nations conference on the least developed countries .	挪威将不仅增加其官方发展援助，使其达到超过国内生产总值0.9 的水平，而且还将支持新的行动计划，预计它会在即将召开的第三次联合国最不发达国家问题会议上产生。
i can make your wish come true .	为了实现你的愿望而来
accordingly, the committee urged israel to submit by 1 march 2001 up-to-date information on economic, social and cultural rights in the occupied palestinian territory .	因此，委员会促请以色列于2001年3月1日之前提交有关被占巴勒斯坦领土的经济、社会、文化权利的最新资料。
the budget deficit has been brought down sharply, and unemployment has declined . yet krugman now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .	这真是令人难以置信的观点。预算赤字大幅减少，失业也有所下降。但现在克鲁格曼却说所有事情都和他预料的完全一样。
- jayne mansfield ?	- 杰恩・曼斯菲尔德？
- well, yeah . why not ?	为什么不呢？
oh, he'll get the registration .	赛马的那些人光吃薯条是不够的 他们只吃鱼子酱这类的东西
- so where did you disappear to ?	你要逃到哪里去? 外国吗?
so careless, you stupid .	混旦 你怎么那么不小心 全倒地上了
the concept of a fair trial still seems to be an elusive one for many iranian judges .	32. 对于许多伊朗法官来说，公平审判仍然是一个模糊概念。
states parties to the convention on prohibitions or restrictions on the use of certain conventional weapons which may be deemed to be excessively injurious or to have indiscriminate effects ccw and its annexed protocols	《禁止或限制使用某些可被认为具有过分伤害力或滥杀滥伤作用 的常规武器公约》及其所附议定书缔约国名单1
even with the relatively buoyant growth that the region is currently enjoying, new policy issues and challenges are sure to arise .	21. 虽然这一区域目前保持了相对有力的增长，但肯定会出现新的政策问题与挑战。
informal consultations on the draft resolution on operational activities for development under agenda item 54 second committee convened by the delegation of switzerland	关于题为“促进发展的业务活动”的决议草案(议程项目54项下)的非正式协商(第二委员会)(由瑞士代表团召集)
i asked around who ran the game in harlem .	我问到谁在哈林区揪团行骗
do you need some medication ?	是你，嗯. 你需要一些药物治疗？
as implied earlier, we will not accept the mere reiteration of solemn undertakings entered into at past review conferences but left unfulfilled .	前面说过，我们不会接受只是重申过去审议会议上作出的但没有履行的庄严承诺。
figure 7 female staff representation in the professional and higher categories, as at 30 june 2002 percentage population 11,798	截至2002年6月30日专业人员以上职类女性工作人员任职人数 比例( )(总人数：11 798)
you have a good time tonight ?	-今晚玩得尽兴吗？
are they tamed ?	难道他们驯服？
my leaving was . . . involuntary .	我是被赶走的
burke !	Burke!
calls upon the administering power and the relevant regional and international organizations to continue to provide assistance for the improvement of the economic, social, educational and other conditions of the population of the territory	2. 吁请管理国以及有关的区域和国际组织继续提供援助，以改善领土人民的经济、社会、教育和其他方面的情况；
- have you prayed for your father ?	－你有為你父親祈禱嗎？ －沒有
we need to stay on point . we are looking for his weakness .	注意重点 我们在找他的弱点
this submission covers a portion only of the outer limits of the extended continental shelf appurtenant to all four coastal states .	该划界案只涵盖从属四沿海国的扩展大陆架外部界限的一部分。
and so do you .	你也是
how many beats has that metronome counted since you started playing ?	从你开始弹到现在 节拍器总共敲了几次？
the risk managers who develop fish consumption advisories consider multiple issues, including what level s of fish contamination should trigger the issuance of an advisory, the species of fish involved, and their availability to consumers .	制定鱼类消费建议的风险管理者们要考虑多种问题，包括鱼污染达到何种程度后才能发行建议，涉及的鱼的种类以及预计消费者获取这些鱼的渠道。
indeed, measured against today’s standards, charles degaulle, winston churchill, and dwight eisenhower were comparativelyauthoritarian leaders . the west will have to re-adopt such anapproach, or risk losing out globally as its ultra-right andultra-left political forces consolidate their positions and itsmiddle classes begin to dissolve .	事实上，按照当今的衡量标准，查尔斯 戴高乐、温斯顿 丘吉尔和德怀特 艾森豪威尔都属于比较专制的领袖。西方不得不重新采取这样的做法，或者冒险在极右和极左政治势力巩固地位及中产阶级开始消失的过程中丧失全球优势。
it's showing us the way from this world into hell .	它向我们展示的方式 从这个世界变成地狱。 然后再返回。
a top woman is rare to come by .	更何况是顶级那种
everybody has to get into the act .	每个人都参与表演
the costs of prevention have to be paid in the present, while its benefits lie in the distant future .	必须现在付出预防的代价，要在遥远的未来才获其惠益。
twenty ! it's twenty !	两千万 两千万啊
reaffirming that respect by states for their protection responsibilities towards refugees is strengthened by international solidarity involving all members of the international community and that the refugee protection regime is enhanced through committed international cooperation in a spirit of solidarity and responsibility and burden sharing among all states,	重申各国尊重其对难民的保护责任应当通过涉及国际社会所有成员的国际声援得以解决，并且，难民保护制度应当通过本着团结和责任与负担由所有国家分担的精神保证国际合作得以加强，
and do the shopping and everything, too .	还有购物什么的
with your head on . sweetie, nothing's going to happen .	宝贝 不会出什么事的 我会和Karen一起的
those causes of invalidity of treaties were applicable to unilateral acts as well and were appropriately included in draft article 5 .	这些使条约无效的原因也适用于单方面行为，列入草案第5条是适当的。
this represents an increase of 71 million, or 13 per cent, compared with 2007 and results from real contribution increases by some donors .	5. 2008年来自政府的经常资源捐款预计将达6.09亿美元，比2007年增加7 100万美元，即13 ，原因是一些捐助者的实际捐款增加。
in which corruption, disorder, violence	满是堕落、混乱和暴力
so, in what way bad ?	在哪方面调皮捣蛋呢?
just as the renowned master yamazaki would say . well spoken indeed .	不愧是有名的山崎闇齋先生 說得好
oh, no, it's okay .	... 哦，不用，沒關係
israel is party to nine counter-terrorism conventions, and we are working to join others .	以色列加入了九项反恐怖主义公约，而且我们正在努力加入其他公约。
we would like to hear the views of the tccs on how those meetings could be more interactive, or if they believe that another form of dialogue would be more conducive to greater interaction .	我们希望部队派遣国就如何提高这些会议的互动性提供意见，或提出他们是否认为另一种对话形式更有利于加强互动。
oh, i get it . . .	明白... 我把烟掐了
do they not know that allah extends provision for whom he wills and restricts it ? indeed in that are signs for a people who believe .	難道他們還不知道嗎？真主欲使誰的給養寬裕，就使他寬裕；欲使誰的給養窘迫，就使他窘迫。對於信道的民眾，此中確有許多蹟象。
i was mad when i didn't get it .	当时落选 我都快抓狂了
let's go back to mid-1800s when the chinese first came to america .	让我们回到19世纪中页， 第一批中国移民来到美国的时候。
4 .3 on the basis of all the reasons given, the state party argued that the author's communication was inadmissible for non-exhaustion of domestic remedies since she missed the deadlines for the appeals .	4.3 根据所有上述理由，缔约国认为，提交人的来文不可受理，因为她错过了上诉期限，所以没有用尽国内补救措施。
help, boss !	救救我
general assembly resolution 55 5 b-f of 22 january	关于消耗臭氧层物质的蒙特利尔议定书信托基金根据联合国会费分摊比额表
you know that seal that died at the zoo ? it's stomach was full of stones .	最近动物园的海狮不是死了嘛 解剖发现它们体内滞留了很多石头
it is god who put the oceans at your disposal so that you could find therein fresh fish for food and ornaments with which to deck yourselves with . you will find ships that sail for you so that you may travel in search of the bounties of god and give him thanks .	他制服海洋，以便你們漁取其中的鮮肉，做你們的食品；或採取其中的珠寶，做你們的裝飾。你看船舶在其中破浪而行，以便你們尋求他的恩惠，以便你們感謝。
so i don't get it .	这我就不明白了
he said o iblis ! what prevented you that you should do obeisance to him whom i created with my two hands ? are you proud or are you of the exalted ones ?	主說： 易卜劣廝啊！你怎麼不肯對我親手造的人叩頭呢？你自大呢？還是你本是高尚的呢？
we also hope for a speedy conclusion of the international discussions concerning the safety of radioactive sources and the safe transport of radioactive materials .	我们还希望迅速完成关于放射源安全和安全运输放射性物质的国际讨论。
overview of indigenous experiences and perspectives2	概述土著民族的经验和观点2
the number of hours dedicated to the problems of violence against women has been increasing in the different training programmes of this police force .	这支警察部队各项培训方案用来处理对妇女的暴力侵害问题的时间也一直在增加。
it should be signed by the future users of the land, local community authorities, representatives from the organisation that carried out the assessment and the national authorities .	它应当由土地的未来使用者、地方社区当局、评估机构的代表和国家当局予以签署。
to believe that sectarian fighting started because of a foolish us decision, and ended because of a subsequent wise one, is to ignore the role of sectarianism in a country that straddles the sunni and shia worlds and the turkic and arab worlds . these divisions, obscured by saddam’s totalitarianism, never went away .	认为宗派斗争起源于美国的愚蠢决策，终结于后来的明智决策忽视了宗派主义在伊拉克这样一个囊括逊尼派和什叶派、横跨库尔德人和阿拉伯人地盘的国家的作用。这些裂痕虽因萨达姆的集权主义而受到了遏制，但从未消失。
- what ?	-什么
this is the mount of idols .	這裡就是萬神殿
will affect the happiness of millions of people	fnSimHeibord1shad1pos(200 288) 是會影響中國億億萬萬人的幸福的
patrick came over to talk but he must have slipped something into the wine because i started to feel sleepy .	派屈克过来找我谈... 他一定是在酒里头放了什么东西... 因为后来我就觉得很?
the conference affirmed, inter alia, that social security was a basic human right and a fundamental means for creating social cohesion, thereby helping to ensure social peace and social inclusion .	8 大会特别申明社会保障是一项基本人权，而且是提高社会凝聚力的基本手段，因此它有助于确保社会安定和社会包容。
- terrorist offence a crime provided for in the penal code or in any other law where the purpose of committing such crime is a terrorist one .	- 恐怖主义罪：《刑法典》或任何其他法律规定的实施犯罪的目的是恐怖主义的犯罪行为。
pull us up .	拉我们上去
shame about this quell thing .	参加这游戏真可惜 Shame about this Quell thing.
it's midday and all the doors are closed	都下午了，街上一扇门都没开过
- what are you talking about ?	- 你说甚么?
after all, it was her monster that attacked marian .	是她的怪物袭击了Marian
also, a 2005 unicef report noted that village committees have been set up to combat child trafficking .	117 同样，2005年，儿童基金会的一份报告指出，设立了农村委员会，打击贩运儿童行为118 。
the situation between eritrea and ethiopia 26 june 1998 30 july 2008 .	41. 厄立特里亚与埃塞俄比亚间局势(1998年6月26日；2008年7月30日)。
my colleagues in infra-red astronomy call minus 200 kelvin is cool for them .	我有些红外线天文学的同事们 把所有零下200K 的温度叫低温.
- okay, that's it .	这样就好
provisional agenda and documentation for the seventeenth session of the commission on crime prevention and criminal justice	预防犯罪和刑事司法委员会第十七届会议临时议程和文件
does that mean that she really died because of song yi ?	如果不是真的自殺，那麼韓宥拉 難道是因為我家頌伊才死的嗎
information regarding the practices of a party as to pricing was given as an example .	与会者为此列举了与一方当事人定价做法有关的信息。
the recent transfer of general gotovina to the icty further convinced us that, through the efforts made by various parties, the work of the two tribunals will meet the objectives set, as expected by the international community .	不久前格托维纳将军被移送前南刑庭一事使我们更加确信，通过各方面的努力，两刑庭的工作一定会达到国际社会所期待的目标。
draft resolution a c .3 58 l .74 protection of migrants	决议草案A C.3 58 L.74：保护移民
the democratic republic of the congo, which has been chosen as the host country for the 2008 summit, intends to be a driving political, economic and social force .	已被选为2008年首脑会议东道国的刚果民主共和国打算成为政治、经济和社会方面的一种推动力量。
- dammit .	-真该死
recognising the diverse needs of women in the early childhood education sector focusing on lifelong learning, rather than the current division into early childhood, primary, secondary and tertiary education .	承认幼儿教育部门中妇女的不同需要； 重点放在终身教育上，而不是目前这种分为幼儿、小学、初中和高等教育的划分方法。
look atyou,you re soakedthrough !	你看你全身的衣服都湿透啦
at least for today .	至少在今天。
what if i come by after my gig ?	那如果我演唱会结束后去找你呢?
- may i help you ?	我是接线员 需要帮忙吗
a report of the secretary-general on the revised budget for the united nations mission of support in east timor for the period from 1 july 2003 to 30 june 2004 a 58 192	(a) 秘书长关于2003年7月1日至2004年6月30日期间联合国东帝汶支助团订正预算的报告（A 58 192）；
give me that gun .	把枪给我！
- malev .	-梅洛夫
during the first meeting of the sce-va, nicaragua and mexico agreed to facilitate the network group on the collection and dissemination of guidelines .	9. 常设专家委员会第一届会议期间，尼加拉瓜和墨西哥同意协助收集和传播准则网络组的工作。
article 108 requires conscientious objectors to apply to the director of recruitment of the ecuadorian armed forces, and, if recognized as conscientious objectors, to serve in the development units of the armed forces .	第108条要求依良心拒服兵役者向厄瓜多尔武装部队征兵负责人提出申请。 如被承认为依良心拒绝者，可以在武装部队中的发展单位服役。
frankie no shit, why ? beth	别扯淡 为什么
potentially competitive segments comprise, for instance, long distance in telecommunications, generation in electricity and transportation in railways .	例如，有竞争可能的部门包括长途电信、发电和铁路运输。
she also encouraged the security council and other united nations organs to explore ways of enhancing their cooperation with the court and the assembly of states parties and stressed the need to establish a balanced and constructive relationship between the united nations and the court in order to preserve the latter's independence .	她还鼓励安全理事会及其他联合国组织机构研究相关办法，加大与国际刑事法院和缔约国大会之间的合作，并强调指出，必须在联合国与国际刑事法院之间建立一种平衡和建设性的关系，以求保持国际刑事法院的独立性。
we are firmly convinced that the present crisis in afghanistan, imposed by pakistan for hegemonic purposes, should be condemned by the international community .	我们坚定地认为国际社会应该谴责巴基斯坦为霸权主义目的而强加给阿富汗的危机。
she was three years old and i was 15 .	她只有三岁而我那时15岁
chicken . . .	鸡哥...
the short- and long-term effect of mines upon the local civilian population for the duration of the minefield	雷场存在期间地雷对当地平民群体的短期和长期影响； 采用替代手段的可能性和可行性；和 雷场的短期和长期军事需要。
the problems can be considered from two points of view a those arising from ensuring the physical security of the magazines or storage sites for ammunition and the ammunition itself b those arising from the possible diversion of excess production that is not used .	这些问题可从两个方面来看：(a) 弹药库或弹药储存地以及弹药本身实物安全的维护问题；(b) 生产超过消费的过剩弹药可能被移作他用的危险问题。
you know what i think ?	你知道我怎么想的吗？
that won't taste- good .	那杯喝起来... 不会好的
if you complete the round in time,	如果你按时完成这一轮
this conclusion was valid during the world conference, and remains valid and even more urgent as each day passes now that the conference is over .	这一结论在会议期间是正确的，现在仍然正确，而且由于会议已经结束，随着时间一天天的过去，上述途径变得更为紧迫。
without them, the people will not have the fish to feed themselves or the money to buy food .	没有它们，人民就会没有鱼吃，没有钱买粮食。
now, can you manage a smile ?	现在能不能给我一个微笑？
- i wouldn't want that .	-我可不想
the upgrading of the military division to the office of military affairs, which would require the establishment of a new post at the assistant secretary-general level	a. 将军事司提升为军事厅后，需要新设一个助理秘书长职等员额；
implementation has already begun in some areas, and it is clear that the organization as a whole, and the department specifically, face a number of challenges in ensuring the maintenance of the quality service its clients expect .	整个联合国，特别是新闻部，在确保维持用户预期得到的服务质量方面面临若干棘手问题。
ilithyia's finished with spartacus .	Idlithyia和斯巴达克斯做完再说
- time is what ?	- 时间什么?
the work programme was discussed and approved at the meeting of the expert group on international economic and social classifications in june 2001 .	2001年6月，国际经济和社会分类专家组会议讨论并批准了这项工作方案。
oh, right .the girl's sport .	這樣啊，女孩的運動
mr . chong singapore , welcoming the reassurances given by the observer for ireland, requested further clarification of the concept of concurrent or shared competence .	47. Chong先生（新加坡）欢迎爱尔兰观察员给予的保证，要求进一步澄清管辖权“并存”或“分享”的概念。
what a perfect couple for doorman !	不愧是一对门神
schultz good morning inn keeper !	早上好啊，店老板！
we've arranged to take you to a safe house nearby .	我们把你安排到附近的安全屋
technology section	身份查验委员会
report of the fifth committee a 57 830	第五委员会的报告（A 57 830）
some forms of tax evasion and the counterfeiting of currency or stamps are also seen as types of fraud in some states .	某些形式的逃税和伪造货币或邮票在一些国家也被视为欺诈类型。
office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees	10. 联合国难民事务高级专员办事处
the system wizard !	系统精灵
most projects embraces both sexes, a few only targets women, for example, thai prostitutes .	153. 多数项目涵盖两性，少数项目仅针对妇女，如泰国娼妓。
you're the black sheep of this family .	你是我们家的黑毛羊(指败类)
you know what happened ?	You know what happened?
for you're so pretty, it's true	因为你真的是这么 这么的美丽
you know, frenchy eats frogs' legs .	法兰奇吃田鸡腿的
3 the difference in numbers of usgs and asgs as compared to 30 june 1999 is due to the fact that the percentage number in the 1999 graph has been rounded up to 1 per cent from its real value of 0 .55 per cent .	(截至1999年6月30日和2000年6月30日)
well, i'm worried about her .	嗯，我很担心她。
initial measures	初步措施
the worst the behavior, the more you try and defend .	他们越恶劣 你就越试图为他们辩护
a pending quadrennial reports submitted by organizations on their activities during the periods 1994-1997, 1995-1998, 1996-1999 and 1997-2000	(a) 待审的各组织提交的1994-1997年、1995-1998年、1996-1999年和1997-2000年期间的活动情况报告。
how dare you !	你还好意思?
enforced or involuntary disappearances	强迫或非自愿失踪
note 1 summary of significant accounting policies	附注1 重大会计政策概述
recalling also economic and social council resolution 2004 14 of 21 july 2004 on a comprehensive and integral international convention to promote and protect the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities,	“又回顾经济及社会理事会2004年7月21日关于促进和保护残疾人权利和尊严的全面综合国际公约的第2004 14号决议，
i know you don't like it, eli .	我知道你不喜欢这样 伊莱
billions of galaxies, each with billions of stars .	亿万的银河系每个其中又包含亿万的星球
-if she needs to get scared .	- 或许应该吓吓她
the constitution guarantees women the same rights as men with regard to the nationality of the children .	316．《政治宪法》在关于子女国籍的问题上，保障妇女享有与男子平等的权利。
belgium, denmark, finland, greece, ireland, israel, japan, luxembourg, mexico, portugal, romania, russian federation, south africa, sweden and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland draft resolution	比利时、丹麦、芬兰、希腊、爱尔兰、以色列、日本、卢森堡、墨西哥、葡萄牙、罗马尼亚、俄罗斯联邦、南非、 瑞典和大不列颠及北爱尔兰联合王国：决议草案
nobody--	没有人 --
there's only one file on here .	里边只有一个文件
with respect to them such an obligation will arise with the adoption of the law on measures against financing of terrorism .	对这些组织来说，上述义务将随着《制止资助恐怖主义措施法》的通过而产生。
item 89 . general and complete disarmament	项目89. 全面彻底裁军：
i think that's why we didn't think about her right away .	所以我们没有马上就想到她
steve sillett and marie antoine are the principal explorers of the redwood forest canopy . they're world-class athletes, and they also are world-class forest ecology scientists .	史蒂夫 西莱特 和 马莉 安东尼 是 主要的 红杉林树冠探险者。他们是世界级的运动员， 他们还是世界级的森林生态科学家。
the international tribunal's legal aid system is based on the following main principles	4. 国际法庭的法律援助制度基于下列主要原则：
the demonstration turned violent as heavy stones and objects were hurled over the border, aimed at israelis on the other side .	这场示威变成了暴力行为，大块石头和物体被扔向边界另一方的以色列人。
table 19 .22	表19.22
nonetheless, a number of treaty bodies remain concerned about roma's situation .	然而，一些条约机构仍对罗姆人的状况感到关注。
the government is also working to improve teacher training and to provide enhanced professional development opportunities for teachers to increase the number of gifted and talented courses and advanced placement courses for students .	预定2005年3月其它二所学校接待评估团。 此外，政府还致力于改善教师培训并为教师提供加强职业发展的机会，为学生增加特长生课程和高级课程的数量。
he's not even thinking about her, jay .	汤姆不会碰她的，他根本不在乎她了
we're innocent .	我们是清白的
click on the crisis folder, you'll see a list of empty rooms, give 'em fourth-floor, comp 'em for tonight and tomorrow .	打开危机备用空房档案 给四楼房间，免费招待两晚
the conference will provide an opportunity for the participants to review the progress made in achieving the objectives of the international compact and to discuss further steps towards fulfilling these goals .	会议将使与会者有机会审查在实现伊拉克国际契约的目标方面取得的进展，并讨论实现这些目标的进一步措施。
the phenomena of money laundering and the financing of terrorism can only be dealt with through the continuing enhancement and updating of aml cft methodologies, so as to address the growing sophistication of criminals and terrorists .	洗钱和资助恐怖主义现象只能通过不断提高和更新反洗钱法律 打击资助恐怖主义方法应对，同时解决罪犯和恐怖分子日益具有破坏力的问题。
do you wish to have sex with me ?	你想和我上床吗 什么意思
we created the human being from the union of sperm and egg to test him . we gave him hearing and vision .	我確已用混合的精液創造人，並加以試驗，將他創造成聰明的。
conditions of travel throughout the united nations system	整个联合国系统的旅行条件
what kind of devil are you, devil anse ?	你就是个魔鬼 吉姆・万斯 What kind of devil are you Jim Vance?
the southern africa regional office in pretoria is part of an overall strategy aimed at supporting undp country offices and uncts to follow up on the recommendations of the secretary-general's reform programme and address common concerns in the field of human rights for the countries of the southern africa subregion .	23. 南非区域办事处设于比勒陀利亚，是着眼于支助开发计划署各国办事处和联合国国家工作队贯彻秘书长改革方案的建议以及解决南非分区域国家人权领域共同关心问题这种全面战略的一部分。
decision 62 503, in section b .1 of the official records of the general assembly, sixty-second session, supplement no . 49 and corrigendum a 62 49 and a 62 49 vol . ii corr .1 , vol . ii, becomes decision 62 503 a .	A 62 825。
in accordance with the provisions of its article 25, the kyoto protocol would therefore enter into force on 16 february 2005 .	因此，根据《京都议定书》第二十五条的规定，议定书将于2005年2月16日生效。
in 1997, a pregnancy was not considered properly monitored unless the woman had been examined at least three times, including once in the first three months and once in the last three months of pregnancy . that was not so in 1993 .	因此，1997年只有当孕妇进行了至少三次产前检查才能认为该孕妇真正得到了跟踪服务，一次在孕早期，最后一次在孕晚期，但1993年的时候还不是这种情况。
at this point, the main point to remember is that all of france’s last seven presidential elections have sprung a surprise . the final result was never discernible in the polls more than six weeks in advance .	此时人们要记住一点：那就是过去的七次法国总统选举结果都出人意外。大选六个星期以前进行的民意测验永远不能代表最终的结果。因此从目前看，对选举做出任何肯定的预测还为时尚早。我们听到的预测都毫无意义。不过至少媒体的生意红红火火，人们从铺天盖地的报导中得到了乐趣。
this limits their efficacy, because the majority of women live in rural centers .	这就限制了他们的工作效力，因为多数妇女都在农村生活。
fifty-seventh session	第五十七届会议
talk with me .	再陪我喝杯咖啡吧
andre	你还好吧?
we were building a dungeon down there .	我們在那下面造的是一個地牢
strategic planning	B. 战略规划
in 2000, 56 .8 of children aged from 1 to 6 were enrolled in kindergartens, which is more than in 1997 .	2000年，1－6岁的入托儿童占56.8 ，高于1997年。
accreditation of the remaining twelve police administrations is scheduled in november, providing that they meet all the necessary criteria .	如果其他12个警察局符合所需标准的话，预定于11月对它们进行委任。
trends in resource mobilization 3	A. 资金动员的趋势3
on the other hand, they highlighted the fact that relief agencies are acutely underfunded .	另一方面，洪水突出了这样一个事实，即救济机构资金严重不足。
i cannot exercise openly .	我不可以公开锻炼
the results of this programme evaluation have been used as a basis for drawing up the programme for 2001-2010 .	该纲要评估结果，为2001-2010年纲要的制定奠定了基础。
roger	收到
mobility	七． 调动
never mind .	没关系
what is she saying ?	-她说什么？
deeply concerned that early childbearing and limited access to sexual and reproductive health care, including in the area of emergency obstetric care, causes high levels of fistula and maternal mortality and morbidity,	深切关注早育以及获得性保健和生殖保健，包括产科急诊的机会有限，导致高比例的瘘管患病率、孕产死亡率和发病率，
anonymous sex . elegant .	毫不犹豫。
i have to take you back to pyongyang .	我要带你回去 平壤。
for instance, in setting the agenda on item 1, on nuclear disarmament, we do not have to revisit all debates between horizontal and vertical proliferation .	例如，在确定关于核裁军的议程项目一时，我们不需要重开关于横向和纵向扩散之间的所有谈判。
- farrell, see to tom's wound .	你打伤了汤姆?
the united nations is, therefore, one of the most important places for this discussion concerning the interrelationship between the united nations and the inter-parliamentary union ipu .	因此，联合国是讨论联合国同各国议会联盟（议会联盟）之间相互交往的最重要的场所之一。
they will open it .	他们会打开。
what do you mean pay respects ?	你是什? 么意思？
think i wanna deal phony ?	你以为 我喜欢作假吗 ？
it's our chance !	好机会！
additional standards planned for other areas of mine action	为排雷活动其他领域计划的额外标准
this is a treasure map !	这是张藏宝图!
i'm convinced she's dead .	我一直以为她已经死了
quick response to calls for help, prompt signalling of investigations on account of threatening of children, to the relevant authority .	迅速向有关机构汇报因儿童受到威胁而进行的调查
go back to the beginning . i need to watch all 5 weeks in the video .	程秨 稱璶 魁钩
formerly warring parties in southern sudan have signed a peace accord and entered a period of reconciliation .	苏丹南部地区前交战各方签署了和平协定，并进入了和解时期。
i didn't have a bathing suit .	我没有泳衣
on 12 may 2000, the special rapporteur received a communication from the government in connection with his visit to the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland from 24 to 29 october 1999 e cn .4 2000 add .3 .	286. 2000年5月12日，特别报告员收到政府与他1999年10月24日至29日对大不列颠及北爱尔兰联合王国进行的访问有关的来函(E CN.4 2000 Add.3)。
not my style, cleo .	不是我的风格 克利奥.
assi, he's right .	Assi 他说得对.
unicef also emphasized activities to prevent and end violence and sexual exploitation, including by co-leading advocacy efforts against rape in the democratic republic of the congo .	儿童基金会还强调开展预防和结束暴力及性剥削的活动，其中包括在刚果民主共和国联合领导反对强奸的宣传活动。
israel, fiji .	以色列、斐济。
murad azitovich l'yanov case no . 1002898	非政府组织工作人员和失踪案的证人还受到威胁和骚扰。
if you turn, sure you'll show your knife .	你转身定会出小刀
and what if, after everything that i've been through something's gone wrong inside me ?	当我经历过这些事情以后 我会不会走上岔路？ 最后变得很坏？
everyone !	大家，大家
quickly, load the carts, before the japs change their mind	快，快装车！ 一会儿日本人变卦了，快
to see to it that draft reports submitted to the plenary of the group for consideration faithfully reflect the outcome of the extensive, open-ended informal consultations .	3. 确保提交工作组全体会议审议的报告草稿真实地反应广泛的、可自由参加的非正式磋商的结果。
they can be with words or without words .	有没有语言文字的注解 都无所谓。
you smoke, you drink, you puff, puff, puff .	身高1米8 你吸烟 喝酒 你不还嗑药吗
the total number of family beneficiaries was 89 million, 53 per cent of them women and girls .	共有8 900万家庭受益人，其中53 是妇女和女童。
screening operations are conducted in the case of persons allegedly involved in the activities of terrorist groups .	对据称参与恐怖主义集团活动的人员进行过滤。
we hold our positions .	- 不， 我們保持我們的立場。
revised proposals shall be voted on in the order in which the original proposals were submitted, unless the revision substantially departs from the original proposal .	2． 订正后的提案除非与原提案有实质上的差异，应按照原提案提出的先后次序付诸表决。
- and that egghead gave me more trouble than -	以前有来过一个曾经为 富兰克林工作的记者
in the event of a merger, split or similar operation concerning commercial companies of purchase of the business of self-employed worker by a company or of constitution of a non-profit legal entity subsequent to the dissolution and liquidation of other non-profit legal entities, the employers may continue to enjoy the contribution reductions to which the predecessors had been entitled .	287. 换句话说，在商业公司合并、分裂和类似行为的情况下，在公司从一独立人士处重获商业基金或在为解散和清理别的无盈利目的法人而成立无盈利目的法人的情况下，雇主可以继续以前法律形式曾享受过的分摊额的减免。
the network, which also includes international idea, the inter-parliamentary union and the national democratic institute for international affairs, features over 100 experts on women and politics and an online resource library with over 400 reports, handbooks and training materials on a wide range of electoral issues .	该网络还包括民主选举学会、各国议会联盟和国家国际事务民主学会，拥有100多名妇女和政治问题专家，以及一个拥有400多份关于广泛选举问题的报告、手册和培训材料的网上资源图书馆。
we'll be needing someone to identify the body .	我们需要有人去辨认尸体
add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft decision	将下列国家加入决定草案提案国名单：
this here is my samoan friend .	见见我的萨摩亚朋友
lucien .	卢西恩
my god, buy the hotel in italy . fast .	拜託了 快點買下 那家賓館
- i think you are being unreasonable .	-你失去理智了
under the act, definition of the hierarchy of responsibility for workplace safety at the governmental, departmental and industrial levels is to be strengthened so as to ensure that workplace safety is genuinely realized at the grass roots .	依据《安全生产法》，强化各级政府、有关部门、各企业安全生产责任制，使安全生产真正落实到基层。
space awareness and learning	1. 空间认识和学习
interestingly, field presences that reported greater success in addressing women's rights and integrating gender perspectives were the only ones to give priority to mechanisms for gender review of project proposals, reports, etc . .	有意思的是，在解决妇女权利和纳入性别公平观方面报告取得了更大成功的那些实地人员，是唯一优先重视性别审查机制(项目建议、报告等)的人员。
sub-item f states of emergency	分项目(f) 紧急状态
spicy meat buns . . .	明儿就走
and i know what i'd be playing .	我也知道演奏什么
c . organization of work 6 - 7 3	C. 工作安排……6 - 7 3
we found it on frankenstein's body the night we rescued the creature 200 years ago .	两百年前，我们拯救这怪物时 在弗兰肯斯坦的尸体上发现它
anything else, folks ?	还要什么吗 伙计?
m the council postponed to a future session the election of one member from eastern european states and one member from latin american and caribbean states for a term beginning on the date of election and expiring on 31 december 2003 decision 2001 201 b .	m 理事会决定推迟到将来届会再选举任期自当选之日起至2003年12月31日止的一个拉丁美洲和加勒比国家成员(第2001 201 B号决定)。
see chap .	[见第七章。]
no, they don't know anything, but, i mean, look, it's fine .	但是 我想说 听着 没关系的 我们会 嗯 but I mean look it's fine.
the complainant provides copy of a newspaper article referring to his detention and trial .	申诉人并提供了一篇在报纸上刊登的文章，提到了他的拘留和审判。
and whosoever does deeds of righteousness, be it male or female, believing - they shall enter paradise, and not be wronged a single date-spot .	信士和信女，谁行善谁得入乐园，他们不受丝毫的亏枉。
for a more effective implementation of human rights education, teacher-training has to be carried out .	99. 为了更有效地落实人权教育，必须开展教师培训。
hey !	你干嘛?
sober, not sober . . . there was nothing i could have done .	清醒与否 我都什么都做不了
a elimination of racism and racial discrimination continued a c .3 61 l .48 and l .49	（a）消除种族主义和种族歧视（续）（A C.3 61 L.48和L.49）
in resolution 32 130, the general assembly decided that, in approaching human rights questions within the united nations system, the international community should accord, or continue to accord, priority to the search for solutions to the mass and flagrant violations of human rights of peoples and persons affected by various situations referred to in the resolution .	50. 大会在第32 130号决议中决定，在联合国系统内处理人权问题时，国际社会对于受到决议中所指各种情况影响的各国人民和个人的人权受到公然大规模侵害的事情，应作为优先事项，或继续作为优先事项，来寻求解决办法。
please listen to our explanation first, we have a cheaper . . .	你先听我解释，我们有个便宜的方...
b a gap between present possibilities for extracting information from satellite data and what was actually needed in an operational context	(b) 目前从卫星数据中提取资料的可能性与实际操作条件下的需要之间有差距；
g adopt clear legal provisions prohibiting the use as evidence of any statement obtained under torture and establishing that orders from a superior may not be invoked as a justification of torture	120. 鉴于委员会建设结论性意见后续活动情况的机制是2003年5月建立的，因此本表所述的是这一程序自启动之日是2005年5月第34届会议结束时的运作结果。
if the wind holds, we'll reach king's landing in a day .	如果风向保持，我们一天就到君临
recalling also its resolution 54 260 a of 7 april 2000 on the financing of the mission, and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 59 285 b of 22 june 2005,	又回顾其2000年4月7日关于该特派团经费筹措的第54 260 A号决议及其后各项有关决议，最近的是2005年6月22日第59 285 B号决议，
the situation in the presevo valley and the recent unrest in mitrovica have had a significant and regrettable impact on the activities of unmik, as well as serious negative implications for fulfilment by kfor and by unmik of their responsibility to provide a stable security environment in kosovo .	普雷塞沃山谷局势以及最近在米特罗维察发生的骚乱给科索沃特派团的活动造成重大的、令人遗憾的影响，以及给驻科部队和科索沃特派团履行其在科索沃提供稳定的安全环境的职责造成严重的消极影响。
no, it's crazy .	不是 是爽爆了
you want to join ?	你想入会 ？
united nations global e-government readiness reports 2004 and 2005	7. 2004年2005年联合国全球电子政务就绪调查
the multilateral system plays a central role in articulating and delivering a global and coherent response to the crisis, and in translating it into action at the country level .	多边系统具有举足轻重的地位，它应阐明和提供全球一致的应对危机措施，并将此转化为国家行动。
at least 10 letters of appreciation were received from member states, demonstrating the usefulness of the programme's work in those areas .	至少收到10封成员国感谢信，说明方案在这些领域的工作是有益的。
turn right after reaching sejima base, full right rudder for 30 seconds, then full right rudder for 50 seconds .	在右方看到水无濑岛 30秒后右满舵 50秒后右满舵
drug demand reduction	B. 减少毒品需求
budget for the united nations observer mission in georgia for the period from 1 july 2007 to 30 june 2008	联合国格鲁吉亚观察团2007年7月1日至2008年6月30日期间预算执行情况报告
in a number of areas, the decisions and actions taken by the timorese political leadership will be crucial to the validity of these proposals, as is noted in the report .	象报告中指出的那样，在一些领域中，东帝汶政治领导人所作的决定和采取的行动将对这些建议是否符合实际有至关重要的影响。
a few months is not much time, after more than 23 years of warfare and strife, but events have proven that, when the afghan people's thirst for peace is coupled with resolve and with the convergence of neighbouring countries and other international partners, a lot can be achieved .	在经过战争和动乱23年之后，几个月的时间并不长，但所发生的事件已经证明，当阿富汗人民渴望和平的愿望能够伴以邻国和其他国际伙伴所表现出的决心和共识，便可以取得很多成绩。
accordingly, about one year ago, we initiated broad and open-ended consultations on a process that could prepare the ground for fmct negotiations within this conference .	因此，约一年前，我们就可为在本会议内进行裂变材料停产条约谈判奠定基础的进程发起了广泛和不限成员名额的磋商。
i feel an obligation to animate and humanize these spaces continually in order to preserve their memories in a creative way -- before they're lost forever .	更觉得背负着不离不弃地给这些地方注入人性与活力的责任， 用一种创新的方式，在它们的记忆永远失落之前 将它们保存下来。
more than four decades after united nations security council resolution 242, occupying land by force, illegal construction of exclusive jewish settlements, and restrictions on movement continue unabated . time is no longer on the side of those who favor two states .	在联合国安理会通过242号决议的四十多年以后，以武力占领土地、非法建设排他性犹太定居点和行动限制仍然一如既往。对于支持两国（解决方案）的人们来说，真是时不我待。
however, the situation in cit soleil remains challenging .	但是，太阳城的局势依然十分棘手。
-you are . come-- no, l m not .	我还没醒
access points should serve as development hubs for exchanging business and marketing information .	接入点应充当交换商业和销售信息的发展中心。
this is not a proper hiding place . oh, come on, john .	拜托 约翰 让我们放松一下
i thought for sure you'd been eaten by the . . . .	扂砑斕珨隅掩勛裁賸
great . the fire department . i'll go talk to 'em .	這下可好 消防部來了 我去解釋
however, it was impossible for an investor to be aware in advance of every potential change in circumstances in a particular country .	不过，让投资者事先就知道某一特定国家的情况可能发生什么变化是不大可能的。
secondly, while pursuing its peacekeeping mission in timor-leste, the united nations should increase its assistance so as to improve the country's ability to govern itself .	第二，联合国继续在东帝汶的维和行动的同时，需要大力帮助东帝汶提高自主执政能力。
unfavourable soil conditions prevent infiltration of rain, leading to considerable run-off and high evaporation rates, leaving long dry periods during the growing season .	29. 土壤条件不利可能妨碍雨水的渗透，造成大量径流和高度蒸发，以致生长季节久处于干旱之中。
how exactly does something like this happen ?	这种事是怎么发生的？
with respect to the new policy on programme resources, while some donors are resisting the new cost-recovery fees mandated by the new policy, undp believes the policy is a sound basis for ensuring that core resources do not subsidise non-core resources .	关于方案资源的新政策方面，尽管一些捐助者正在抵制新政策所规定的新的费用回收费，但开发计划署认为，这一政策是确保核心资源不得补贴非核心资源的坚实基础。
a number of those conventions have been incorporated in domestic labour laws .	许多此类公约都已纳入国内劳动法。
bitch motherfucker !	婊子直娘贼
2x25 50 ?	2x25。 50？
i'm lucky if i get home by midnight .	我就算午夜到家也沒關係
'cause if the money doesn't come through this time, i don't--	预算若没通过，我不...
a full report of the meeting can be accessed on the ageing web site at www .un .org esa socdev ageing .	www.un.org esa socdev ageing
daddy, what is mustard made of ?	爸，芥末是什么做的呀？
i don't see anything .	我没有看到任何东西。
i'll sell that and repay the mortgage .	我想把它卖掉来偿还贷款
this points to the need for a process of land use rationalization, which balances actual forest areas, agriculture and other land uses .	这说明需要理顺土地用途，平衡兼顾实际林地、农地和其他用地。
please, courtney, leslie, come around to the front, thank you .	Courtney Leslie 请你们到前面来 谢谢
i don't want to stay here .	我不想待在这儿
let's see . . .	快来 帮我
the project monitoring board is a body made up of managers and coordinators at the centre . its objective is to provide updates on the progress of projects .	66. 项目监测委员会是一个包括中心管理人员和协调员在内的机构，其目标是提供项目进展情况的最新信息。
their father's never home anyway .	可他们的爸爸从不在家.
so sal's boat was moving heroin ?	你是说 肉品店兼运送毒品？
gayle .	盖儿...
the success of the idd initiative was considered a good example of intersectoral and inter-agency collaboration .	缺碘症倡议的成功被视为部门间和机构间协作的范例。
the chairman the committee will now take a decision on draft resolution a c .1 55 l .41 .	主席（以英语发言）：委员会现在就决议草案A C.1 55 L.41作出决定。
in the absence of mr . akam akam cameroon , mr . abascal zamora mexico , chairman of the committee of the whole, took the chair .	由于Akam Akam先生（喀麦隆）缺席，全体委员会主席Abascal Zamora先生（墨西哥）主持会议。
but the market hasn't really hit the sweet spot yet .	不过市场还没那么前卫
i don't let the nerves get to me .	我不要讓神經得到我。
see council resolution 2003 8 .	见理事会第2003 8号决议。
victor brown . . . 30-year-old male mauling victim .	Victor Brown 30岁男性 殴打撕咬伤 体征稳定 送进创伤科
cheers !	乾杯
women seem to really like it .	很受女性欢迎
at its 43rd meeting, on 22 january 2002, the committee heard a presentation and entered into a dialogue with the chief of the support services branch, office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights, on the participation of ngos in meetings of the commission on human rights .	58. 委员会在2002年1月22日其第43次会议上，听取了人权事务高级专员办事处支助事务处处长就非政府组织参加人权委员会会议的情况所作的介绍，并就此展开了对话。
who says there's only one man behind the alchemist ?	谁说... 炼丹师只是一个人？
the new baby boomers	新婴儿潮一代
i'm honoured that you asked me to publish your book ., herr hitler .	只要我拟好了计划
i would like at this juncture to acknowledge with great sincerity tuvalu's appreciation of all its development partners, particularly our traditional donors, old and new, such as australia, new zealand, the united kingdom, japan, the european union and the republic of china on taiwan .	我还要借此代表图瓦卢真诚地感谢其所有的发展伙伴，尤其是我国新老的传统捐助者，例如澳大利亚、新西兰、联合王国、日本、欧洲联盟和在台湾的中华民国。
finally, nigeria wishes to draw attention to the fact that a sizeable proportion of the countries heavily affected by landmines are in africa .	最后，尼日利亚希望提请大家注意这样一个事实，即很大一部分受地雷严重影响的国家都在非洲。
finally, croatia looks forward to the special session of the peacebuilding commission to be held on 10 june, at which the agenda for change and the peacebuilding strategy of the united nations should be fully endorsed and supported .	最后，克罗地亚期待着6月10日举行的建设和平委员会特别会议的召开，会议应当充分赞同和支持《改革议程》和联合国的建设和平战略。
mr . ch .j .r .	联合国
where are we ?	我们在哪？
we got plenty of wetnoses here too .	我们这里有很多菜鸟
you have some explaining to do .	你有得解釋了
look, just so you know, got no rocks glasses, ice, or olive .	看起来，只要你知道， 有没有石头眼镜，冰块，或橄榄油。
wesley, can you do 'node pointing ?	卫斯理，你会不会点穴？
two !	二！
the recommendations of the commission, which will review the special operations approach, will be submitted to the general assembly at the second part of its resumed sixty-first session .	委员会的建议将阐述特别行动做法，并将提交给大会第六十一届会议续会第二期会议审议。
recalling resolution no .	第18 34-P号决议
this is my friend	这是我朋友
approves the following provisional agenda for the twenty-fifth session of the governing council global ministerial environment forum opening of the session .	5. 核准 理事会 全球部长级环境论坛第二十五届会议的下列临时议程：
actions by ldcs and the development partners will be along the following lines	(h) 向严重缺粮，包括出现粮食危机的最不发达国家提供足够的粮食援助，并在建立预警系统方面给以援助，同时力求避免出现国内粮食生产的中断。
it should be noted, in this regard, that the ongoing physical safety of the victim, that is, beyond the duration of criminal proceedings, is critical to securing his or her cooperation in such proceedings .	应当注意，在这方面，被害人持续的 即延至刑事诉讼期之后的 人身安全对于得到其在诉讼中的合作至关重要。
- elena, i need you to calm down .	- Elena 你需要冷靜
- she loves their labradors .	她和她的拉布拉多犬一起睡觉
in that regard, we welcome the efforts of president hosni mubarak of egypt to try to find a solution to the current crisis .	在这方面，我们欢迎埃及总统胡斯尼 穆巴拉克设法为目前危机寻找解决方法的努力。
nothing in the world means more to me than you	世界上只有你对我最重要
para . 87 to 1,137 as at june 2008 . staggered working hours 44 .1 per cent, 501 of 1,137 and compressed work schedule 33 .6 per cent, 382 out of 1,137 constitute the two most widely used options .	错开上下班时间(44.1 ，1 137人中的501人) 和压缩工作天数计划(33.6 ，1 137人中的382人)是使用最广泛的两种选择。
in substance, both national authorities and their partners need to do more to integrate hiv aids into national development plans and poverty reduction strategies, to build capacity to address hiv aids in all sectors, and to strengthen health systems and infrastructure .	实质上，国家当局及其伙伴都需要加紧努力，将艾滋病毒 艾滋病问题纳入国家发展计划和减贫战略，建立在各部门处理艾滋病毒 艾滋病的能力，并加强卫生系统和基础设施。
ibid ., 22 february 2007 .	www.tcifreepress.com，2007年2月22日。
wednesday, 22 october 2008, from 3 to 6 p .m . in conference room c and	2008年10月22日星期三，下午3:00至6:00，会议室C；及
what did you tell him ?	你还能和他说什么呢
donors to the trust fund in 2002 included the governments of finland, germany, italy and japan .	2002年的信托基金捐款者包括芬兰、德国、意大利和日本政府。
feels as if the world is perfect .	感觉好像这个世界都是完美的
committee on non-governmental organizations	非政府组织委员会
he's a flesh mechanic-- implants and shit, you know ?	是个技工 帮人做植入的人 明白
please take your seat, sir .	先生 请您坐下来
and that was 10 minutes ago .	那是十分钟之前的事啊
mr . toomy ?	- 图米先生？
uh, tinted windows .	带颜色的玻璃.
life expectancy for females increased from 58 years in 1993 to 61 years in 1998 .	女性的平均寿命从1993年的58岁增加到1998年的61岁。
what'd you say punk ?	你说什么? 你想干嘛?
hk 30 ?	三十吧
is it free ?	不用钱吗
the committee calls on all non-state service providers to respect the principles	16. 委员会要求所有非国家服务提供者遵守《儿童权利公约》的各项原则和规定。
paragraphs page	段 次 页 次
a the radiation level at 3 m from the unshielded radioactive material does not exceed 10 msv h	距无屏蔽的放射性物质3米处的辐射水平不超过10 mSv h； 若经受6.4.20.3和6.4.20.4规定的试验，气态的和空气动力学当量直径不大于100微米的微粒形态的气载逸出不会超过100A2。
for undp, the executive board noted in its decision 2007 26 that earmarked resources have continued to far exceed regular resources, that this affects the ability of undp to fulfill its mandate adequately and to effectively support the development agenda of partner countries, and that un-earmarked contributions are vital for the coherence and harmonization of operational activities for development .	执行局在第2007 26号决定中指出，开发署指定用途的资源依然大大超出经常资源，认为这会影响到开发署充分履行职责和有效地支持伙伴国家的发展议程的能力；并指出，不指定用途的捐款对于统筹协调发展方面的业务活动具有至关重要的作用。
reiterating the importance of strengthening the rule of law, the functionality of the state institutions and the creation of a competitive, self-sustainable economy as the preconditions for the consolidation of bosnia and herzegovina as a modern democratic state and civic society working for the well-being of all its citizens,	重申必须加强法治和国家机构的功能，建立有竞争力的可自我维持的经济，因为这是巩固波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那，使其成为一个谋求全体公民利益的现代民主国家和民间社会的先决条件，
the regional centre for mapping of resources for development was established in nairobi in 1975 under the auspices of the economic commission for africa and the organization of african unity now called the african union .	10. 发展资源测绘区域中心1975年在非洲经济委员会和非洲统一组织（现称非洲联盟）的组织下成立于内罗毕。
wealthy .	有钱
get off of me !	放开我
these consisted of 206 sentenced inmates, 24 remand inmates and three offenders held in home detention .	其中206名为判刑犯人，24名为拘留犯人以及3名监外服刑犯人。
when you do finally kill me, you gotta work on your game face for the cops .	如果你最终真的把我杀了 你要在警察面前摆出一副不正经的样子
with a hint of vera .	也有些像维拉
a the conduct that the responsible international organization should take in order to cease the wrongful act, if it is continuing	(a) 从事一项持续性不法行为的责任组织应如何停止该不法行为；
i have a present for you, paula .	我有礼物要送给你 宝拉
for the longer term, we must ask ourselves how we see the world's only global organization developing in the coming decades .	更长远地讲，我们必须问自己我们如何目睹世界上这一唯一全球组织在今后数十年中的发展。
which is known as preserving their options .	也就是说"保留选择权"
it's not an official missing persons for 24 hours .	没到24小时 失踪人口不能正式立案
andy dude, we would bang her so hard .	我們會好好幹她
introduction	一．导言
- all right, pop .	爸，等一等
the role of sound macroeconomic policies is recognized as a key factor in successful economic and industrial development .	健全的宏观经济政策的作用是经济和工业发展取得成功的关键因素。
- fucking here are your fucking chips ! - don't come near me !	不要靠近我！
the committee calls upon the state party to make every effort to improve the literacy level of girls and women through the adoption of comprehensive programmes of formal and non-formal education, and through adult education and training .	委员会吁请缔约国尽一切努力，提高女孩和妇女的识字率，为此举办全面的正规和非正规教育方案，并进行成人教育和培训。
l'll do everything l have said if you will tell me truly the nature of your interest in my people and major lawrence .	你可以判斷 哪一項動機比較信得過 -好了，或許... -當然
and i smile, and i nod, realizing i'm watching women and girls using their own religious traditions and practices, turning them into instruments of opposition and opportunity .	我笑笑，点点头， 认识到自己正见证着妇女和女孩子们 用她们自己的宗教传统和惯例， 把它们变成反抗和创造机会 的工具。
mr . opsahl noted that the committee had not made any decision in the abstract on the interpretation of the optional protocol, which was not within its competence .	(我们作出这一判断的依据是他以前根本没有症状，他在伊朗时是一名正常的会计，事实上，当他的妄想得到控制后，他的行为和表现可以非常正常)。”
i will not speak at length here about the damage to our economy or about the grave harm done to the lives and welfare of all cubans, nor about the countless violations of international norms and the rights of third countries arising from the embargo over the course of four decades .	我将不详细谈论对我们经济的损害，或对古巴人民生活和福利的严重危害，也不谈论四十年禁运过程中所产生的对国际规范和第三国的权利数不胜数的破坏。
l have a reservation .	我订了房的
the defendant threatened a guest lecturer at the university .	被告威胁一所大学的嘉宾讲师
so we're in good hands .	-好的 随便
for example, under article 2 e the convention calls on states parties to take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women by any person, organization or enterprise .	例如，《公约》第2条(e)款呼吁缔约国采取一切适当措施，以消除任何个人、组织或企业对妇女的歧视。
god go-four-wood . get it ?	"去找木材"的意思 明白不？
i also wish to acknowledge that, since draft resolution a c .1 57 l .34 was submitted, other countries have also decided to sponsor it .	我还愿承认，自从决议草案A C.1 57 L.34提交以来，其他国家也决定作为提案国。
request for the inclusion of a supplementary item in the agenda of the sixty-third session	请求在第六十三届会议议程内列入一个补充项目
nine ?	9?
in conclusion, i would like to stress once again our unequivocal commitment to international cooperation in the fight against terrorism .	最后，我谨再次强调指出，我国毫不含糊地承诺，将进行反恐斗争国际合作。
i'maboutto losecontrol and i think i like it .	我就要脱离控制了，我想我会喜欢.
have a nap .	打盹
oh, so now you're interested, eh ?	现在你感兴趣了 嗯？
good morning .	你早
aufhengen, aufhengen . . .	奥夫根 奥夫根 ...
how's the home office coming, buddy ?	在家办公咋样 哥们?
is anyone doing better than we are ?	有人做得比我们更好？
coordinating anti-corruption initiatives	协调反腐败举措
the expert group on technology transfer shall provide a report at each session of the subsidiary bodies with a view to seeking guidance for further actions .	10. 技术转让专家组应向两个附属机构每届会议提交报告，以便就进一步行动征求指导。
the 5th meeting, on 15 march 2005, the 10th meeting on 17 march, the 19th meeting on 23 march, the 40th meeting, on 8 april, the 44th meeting, on 12 april, the 47th meeting on 13 april, the 56th meeting, on 19 april and the 61st meeting, on 21 april, were additional meetings, without additional financial implications .	20. 2005年3月15日的第5次会议、3月17日第10次会议、3月23日第19次会议、4月8日第40会议、4月12日第44次会议、4月13日第47次会议、4月19日第56次会议和4月21日第61次会议，为增加安排的会议，但不涉及额外经费问题。
a people for whom blood on ice is not a sign of death, but an affirmation of life .	这个民族的人们并不会把冰上的血滴 视为死亡的标志，反而是对生活的肯定。
this framework focuses on integrating the economic, environmental, social, cultural and political aspects of development and highlighting its multidimensional character in order to realise the goals enshrined in the united nations charter .	这一框架着重把发展的经济、环境、社会、文化和政治方面整合在一起，突出其多范畴性质，以期实现《联合国宪章》中所载的目标。
so either he's lying, or it's something worse . . .	如果他不是说谎，那就更可怕
who are you ?	你是谁?
in connection with paragraph 1, it was pointed out that at such an early stage of examination of an unsolicited proposal there could not be a final determination as to whether or not a project was in the public interest .	114. 关于第1款，据指出，在对非邀约投标书进行审查的初期阶段，无法最终确定该项目是否符合公共利益。
upon their arrival at 0925 hours, they interviewed the director of the plant and asked about the establishment's name, output, postal address, the activities conducted in the main plant, the type of equipment and raw materials used and the number of workers .	各位视察员于上午9时25分到达目的地后，立即与工厂的经理进行了谈话，向他询问了该厂的名称、产量、邮政地址、主厂所开展的业务、使用的器材和原材料的类型以及雇员的人数。
new chicks ?	新的妹喔
oh, hello .	你好
thank you very much, sir .	非常感谢，先生
200 dollars .	200美元
nice . i could arrest you for that .	太好了 我能因此逮捕你
well ! my goodness !	我的天哪
arria formula	G. “阿里亚办法”
bald hill	光头山
to be presumed innocent until proven guilty according to law	在依法判定有罪之前应视为无罪；
no . . .	不了...
- groans - because i didn't help you collect your cat ?	因为我没有帮你给你的猫收尸?
it was a memorial, not a burial .	那是个纪念仪式 不是葬礼
if you're looking for a connection, there is none .	如果你在找两个案子间的联系 别白费力气了
she'll buy more stuff there .	她會在那裏買的
belarus holds in high respect the unique historic role played by the united nations in international developments of the second half of the twentieth century .	白俄罗斯高度尊重联合国在二十世纪下半叶国际发展中所起的独特的历史性作用。
cash balances	现金结余
w-wait a second .	等一等
armenia reported the availability of the national electronic database on legislative documents as well as a journal where the normative legislative documents are published submitted annex f information by armenia, 2008	据亚美尼亚报告，关于立法文件的国家电子数据库以及刊登标准化立法文件的杂志都可供广大居民使用（参见亚美尼亚2008年提交的附件F相关资料）。
a quick-reaction force platoon and a dog squad were deployed to the scene and the situation calmed down .	向现场部署了一支快速反应排和警犬班，使形势得以缓和。
invites special rapporteurs and other mechanisms of the commission, in the framework of their mandates, to take into account, as appropriate, the issue of the right to the truth	7. 请各特别报告员和委员会其他机制在各自授权任务范围内酌情考虑到了解真相权问题；
the tenth five-year plan addressed the need to eradicate violence against women and secure appropriate shelter for those in need and a national plan had been drafted by scfa .	第十个五年计划提出，必须消除对妇女的暴力行为，并确保为有需要的妇女提供适当的庇护所。 家庭事务委员会还起草了一个国家计划。
we support the call in the fisheries draft resolution for states, subregional and regional fisheries organizations and management to fully comply with all existing obligations and to combat iuu fishing and to urgently take all necessary steps to implement the food and agriculture organization's international plan of action to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing .	我们支持关于渔业的决议草案中，呼吁国家、分区域和区域渔业组织和管理层充分履行所有现有义务，打击非法、无管制和未报告的捕捞活动，并立即采取一切必要措施，执行粮食及农业组织《预防、阻止和消除非法、未报告和无管制的捕捞活动国际行动计划》。
in mentioning just a few of them, taken from the many major acts of terrorism which were committed during this new period, i would point out that the following occurred within the space of only four months	因此，从这个新时期的无数次重大恐怖主义行动中，我仅仅选取了在四个月之内发生的事件。
why are you dressed up like that ?	你为何盛装打扮
get over to the right .	你该靠右的
for six cases, the working group found that the responses did not contain sufficient information to clarify the fate or whereabouts of the disappeared persons .	工作组认为关于6起案件的答复没有提供充分资料说明失踪者的命运或下落。
i'll light the fire .	拿着啦！ 我点火
the report examines in a preliminary manner the causal link of the devaluation of the afghan currency with the imposition of sanctions .	报告初步论述了阿富汗货币贬值与实行制裁之间的因果关系。
well, let me introduce a psychotherapist to you .	这样吧，我给你介绍一位心理医生
invites all states that have not signed the convention on the prohibition of the use, stockpiling, production and transfer of anti-personnel mines and on their destruction1 to accede to it without delay	1. 请尚未签署《关于禁止使用、储存、生产和转让杀伤人员地雷及销毁此种地雷的公约》1 的所有国家不加延迟地加入公约；
- go !	- 跑!
dribbling isn't everything . way to get the ball !	干得好 抢到球了!
accra, ghana	加纳，阿克拉
such a financial mechanism is not likely to ensure a regular flow of funds in the subsequent years, let alone the viability of the court throughout its life span .	这样一种财务机制不大可能保障在其后各年会有定期的资金可供使用，更无法保障法院在其整个工作周期中的维持能力。
the commission considered item 7 a of its agenda at its 1195th meeting, on 20 march 2001 .	118. 麻委会在其2001年3月20日第1195次会议上审议了议程项目7(a)。
fifty-ninth session	第五十九届会议
action the cop will be invited to adopt the draft decision forwarded by sbsta 16 see fccc sbsta 2002 6, para . 27 b .	56. 行动：将请缔约方会议通过科技咨询机构第十六届会议转交的决定草案(见FCCC SBSTA 2002 6第27(b)段)。
as a result, although the organization had to use a substantial amount of money from off-budget funds and reserves during the last four months of 2000 to cover the cash deficit in the regular budget, the management could not inform the members either before or after the use of these off-budget funds and reserves .	因此，尽管在2000年最后四个月里，该组织从预算外基金及储备金中动用了大量的资金，以填补正常预算中出现的现金赤字，但是，该组织的管理层既没在动用这些预算外基金及储备金之前也没有在其之后通报各会员。
what do we do, boss ?	我们怎么做 头儿
they have just been weaned . i thought you might enjoy them .	它们刚断奶，你很喜欢吧
c the cn-235 entered the nicosia fir, violating international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the republic of cyprus, flying over the area of karpasia cape of apostolos andreas in a search and rescue mission before exiting the nicosia fir towards the fir of ankara .	(c) CN－235飞机进入尼科西亚飞行情报区，违反了国际空中交通管制条例，侵犯了塞浦路斯共和国领空，飞越Karpasia（Apostolos Andreas角）地区执行搜救任务，随后飞离尼科西亚飞行情报区，飞往安卡拉飞行情报区。
all states parties will	所有缔约国将：
sixtieth session	第六十届会议
after the school, the end of week, taenia all my papers there .	我把他 它的礼品篮。
easy with that finger .	容易与手指。
i thought we were pals, after all that riding together .	我以为我们是朋友，毕竟一起混。
- another big one came and went and just like rodanthe pier, we took a few knocks, but we're still standing .	一场大飓风来了 又走了... ...就像Rodanthe Pier飓风 虽然有些磕碰 我们还是挺过来了
good, yoki .	好了，阿善！
it's her birthday .	她那天过生日
new partnerships, for example, include radio 10 in guatemala, radio post phillip in australia and communidad 100 in argentina and three more stations in china radio sichuan, radio lianing and radio ji lin .	例如新的伙伴关系包括危地马拉境内的Radio 10、澳大利亚境内的Radio Post Phillip和阿根廷境内的Communidad 100和中国境内的三个电台 四川电台、辽宁电台和吉林电台。
i trusted you .	我那么相信你
alternatively, assurances were appropriate where the breach was particularly grave, even if the risk of repetition was minimal .	或者，如果违法行为情节格外严重，即使重复的风险极小，要求提供不重复的保证也是适宜的。
1997 workshop to disseminate research findings of study influencing policies from a gender perspective a training programme for women ngos in uganda . nairobi, kenya .	1997年 宣传研究成果的讲习班：用性别观点影响政策；对乌干达妇女非政府组织的培训方案，肯尼亚内罗毕。
vi to ensure that information in the directory is kept up to date by regularly reminding states parties of their duty to update it and including a feature indicating the last update by each state party	定期提醒各缔约国有义务更新名录中的信息，并增加一个功能，显示每个缔约国上次更新的时间，从而确保名录中保持最新的信息；
- and seek solutions .	要找到有效的方法...
mexico has stated in its reports that administrative rules covering this sector will be issued third report, p . 5 .	墨西哥曾在报告中表示，将颁布关于这个领域的行政规则（第三次报告，第5页）。
and i go down to his study and i hand him the paper .	然后我走到他的书房 把试卷交给他
if i remembered you .	记得你吗？
d deputy minister and secretary for international cooperation valdrack jaentschke, a creole professional	d）国际合作秘书处副处长Valdrack Jaentschke，克雷奥莱族人；
e an assessment of the most pertinent gaps in sex-disaggregated data and gender-specific information, by sector .	(e) 按部门评估在按性别分列的数据和性别问题信息方面的最相关差距。
harriet was my first case .	海莉是我接的第一个案子
headquarters activities would be largely retained at the current site during the renovation .	在基本建设总计划期间，总部的活动基本维持在目前场址进行。
it is unclear where the first session of the assembly will be convened .	20． 大会第一届会议的举行地点尚不清楚。
what are you, his lawyer ?	你难道是他的律师?
the irony is myka's gonna kill you for me .	諷刺的是 你會死在Myka的手下
deputy savion . i got a call about my brother .	塞文警官 我接到一个关于我弟弟的电话
excuse me ! hello ! coming through !	抱歉 借过 你好吗?
they are coming .	他们来了 They are coming.
no, look .	不 瞧
do you know me ? piu hung	你认不认我 飘红呀
- no, if christian was in the lineup,	不是 如果基督徒是嫌疑犯
6 .1 the human rights committee has considered the present communication in the light of all the information made available to it by the parties, as provided in article 5, paragraph 1, of the optional protocol .	6.1 人权事务委员会根据《任择议定书》第五条第1款的规定，参照其掌握的所有资料而审议了本来文。
and claire discovered it .	而且克莱尔发现了 这个秘密。
living by voices only they could hear .	"他们说着只有他们自己能听懂的语言
the modern house of tokelau project to provide the greatest possible extent of self-government and the upcoming relationship framework meetings were the right way to proceed .	托克劳的现代议会项目将提供最大程度的自治和举办即将召开的关系框架会议，这是继续下去的正确方式。
this isn't what it looks like, okay ?	你别误会?
programme budget implications of draft resolution a 54 l .88 rev .1 and add .1 a c .5 54 65 and a 55 376	A 54 L.88 Rev.1和Add.1号决议草案所涉方案预算问题(A C.5 54 65和A 55 376)
yeah . so ?	那有怎样?
why would you doubt that ?	妳為什麼要懷疑？
the ctbt's early entry into force would contribute to ensuring that all types of nuclear tests were prohibited for all time, and would further consolidate the recent achievements in nuclear disarmament .	《全面禁试条约》早日生效将有助于确保永远禁止任何种类的核试验，并将进一步加强最近在核裁军方面取得的成就。
the rok signed the ctbt on 24 september 1996 when it opened for signature and deposited its instrument of ratification on 24 september 1999 .	大韩民国于《全面禁试条约》1996年9月24日开放签署时签署了该《条约》，并在1999年9月24日交存批准书。
the pspa represents the state .	常务委员会代表国家。
and let her do all the work .	然后所有的事情都让她做
the representative of uruguay made a statement on a point of order .	乌干达代表就程序问题发了言。
service provided is confined to the area within the conference rooms and the general assembly hall area .	投递服务仅限于会议室和大会堂。
globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights	全球化及其对所有人权的充分享受的影响
h cooperation between the united nations and the inter-parliamentary union	(h) 联合国同各国议会联盟的合作；
the camps have been politicized we saw that for ourselves from the demonstrations that greeted us .	难民营被政治化了；我们从我们遇到的示威中亲眼看到这一点。
the view was also expressed that the court should be able to proceed without limitation against property not destined for the fulfilment of sovereign functions .	270. 又有代表团认为，法院可采取的行动不必以列为与履行主权职能无关的财产为限。
- anything on the ring ?	找到戒指了吗
i'm a geek so i can't lose to tsubaki therefore i've been reading space books recently	因为我是书呆子 当然不能输给椿君你了 所以我最近有看宇宙方面的书
the law commission of malawi has begun its review of existing legislation to ensure conformity with international human rights standards, particularly the convention on the rights of the child .	马拉维法律委员会已经开始审查其现有立法，以保证我国立法符合国际人权标准，特别是符合《儿童权利公约》。
during the reporting period, unmibh concluded negotiations with the university of sarajevo to make a war-damaged dormitory available to the mission on a rent-free basis for a period of eight years or until the united nations presence in bosnia and herzegovina will cease to exist, whichever is earlier .	10. 本报告所述期间，波黑特派团结束了与萨拉热窝大学进行的关于向特派团提供一所被战争破坏的宿舍楼问题的谈判，该大学愿免费提供该宿舍楼，为期八年或直至联合国在波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那的存在结束为止，以先到期者为准。
yes, and i'm just getting started .	没错 我这才刚刚开始呢 那么
go get the doc .	去找博士
as i commented in my annual meeting address, there are really no secrets in the countries represented here .	正如我在年度会议上的讲话中所说的那样，在座的国家中事实上没有任何秘密。
you think i'll let you get to that gun ?	我想我要让你尝尝滋味
there's a chapter in the bible called psalm 72, and it's solomon's prayer for more influence .	圣经里面有一章“诗篇72” 讲所罗门祈祷要更多的影响力。
- but if it were ! but it's not .	-但是 如果你继续
i am deeply grateful to him, and i regret that the parties did not take better advantage of his assistance .	我对他至为感激，并且惋惜各方没有善加利用他的协助。
basilica cannon has to be fixed .	巨炮必须修好
moreover the multiplicity of payments systems suggests that they are in their infant stage as far as their security and reliability are concerned .	此外，多种付款方式并存这一点意味着，这些付款方式就其保密程度和可靠性而言，仍处于初级阶段。
the importance of the integration of migrants was also underlined in the 2006-2010 national plan for development .	2006-2010年全国发展计划也强调了移民融入社会的重要性。
caricom believed that the dialogue on international economic cooperation must enable the international community, in particular the developing countries, to deal in an effective manner with the promise and perils of globalization .	加共体认为，关于国际经济合作的对话必须使国际社会、特别是发展中国家能够有效地把握全球化的机遇和危险。
we view our potential membership as an opportunity to engage in constructive cooperation with all our partners in order to achieve our common objectives on the basis of shared interests and values .	我们认为我们潜在的成员资格提供了一个与所有伙伴进行建设性合作的机会，以便在共同的利益和价值观基础上实现我们的共同目标。
get on the ball !	-大家抢球
ok, right .	好的 就这样
the working party on the medium-term plan and the programme budget will consider each year an in-depth study on a technical cooperation programme .	中期计划和方案预算工作组每年将审议关于技术合作方案的深入研究报告。
i am .	我
you know you've got more charm than the law allows .	我来是因为我担心你有麻烦
pcdds and pcdfs, for example, can be formed unintentionally during the manufacture of chlorophenols, which have been used in the preservation of wood, paints and glues, as well as during the manufacture of other industrial chemicals and pesticides .	18. 例如，多氯二苯并对二恶英和多氯二苯并呋喃可生成于用来保存木材、油漆和粘合剂的氯酚的生产过程、以及在生产其他工业用化学品以及农药过程中无意形成。
jess is jimmy's daughter, not mine .	洁西卡是吉米的女儿 不是我的
calls upon all states and other parties concerned to continue to cooperate with the special representative, to implement the commitments they have undertaken, to consider	40. 呼吁所有国家和有关的其他当事方继续与秘书长特别代表合作，履行作出的承诺，并认真考虑特别代表的所有建议，解决其中指出的问题，并且欢迎有关方面继续支持特别代表的工作和为之提供自愿捐款；
you were after our money .	你只是想窃取我们的钱。
transit traffic in the territory of the transit state shall be subject to the relevant laws and regulations of the transit state .	在过境国领土内进行过境运输须受过境国的相关法律和规章约束。
julian's going to be on television tonight . ls anything wrong ?	朱利恩今晚会上电视
see the recent submissions on views and recommendations from parties on the funding available to them in the climate change focal area in documents fccc sbi 2007 misc .11 and fccc sbi 2007 add .1 .	31 见缔约方最近提交的材料，载有其对文件FCCC SBI 2007 MISC.11和FCCC SBI 2007 Add.1所列气候变化重点领域方面可获资金的意见和建议。
- you askin' hypothetical ?	- 你是说假如吗
in that effort, the traditional solidarity and support of the government and the people of cuba will not be wanting .	在这项努力中，将不会缺少古巴政府和人民的传统的声援和支持。
gc .11 dec .15 supplementary estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 for security enhancements	GC.11 Dec.15 2004-2005两年期加强安全保障追加概算
should i write it down for you ?	我应该把它写下来吗？
okay .	好。
and accepts the best,	且承認至善者，
- a gifted young student .	-一个青年才俊
- calm down and step back .	- 别激动 往后退
what the fuck you trying to do to me ?	你要什么？
otherwise, the legitimacy of all our efforts to eradicate terrorism will be diminished and be in significant conflict with the principles that must govern our action .	否则，我们铲除恐怖主义的各项努力就会受到削弱，并因此同必须适用我们行动的各项原则相冲突。
she hates taking them . but i haven't been home recently .	她一直很怕吃 不过我最近比较没在家
this rule is without prejudice to article 46 which has to do with imperfect ratifications .	此项规则不妨碍第46条”(它与“不完全批准”有关)。
i had to fight bailey for this first shift .	我和Bailey争了好久 才抢到第一个
we lose a little in it .	这里的确大了点
- so ? you gonna go out with him, or what ? - nah .	所以 你会去跟他约会的 是吧
it is the means .	而是手段。
it was so decided .	18. 就这样决定。
while recognizing that death penalty is not implemented, albania asked the tunisia whether it was working toward the abolition of death penalty .	阿尔巴尼亚承认突尼斯没有实施死刑，不过仍询问突尼斯是否努力最终取消死刑。
building on efforts to encourage the education of girls, the royal government will do even more in the future to ensure genuine equality .	通过积蓄力量，鼓励女孩教育，王国政府将会在未来更进一步地确保实现真正的两性平等。
the following year, he led a campaign among member states to this effect, which culminated in a call by the general assembly for a definitive account .	他于第二年为此在会员国当中带头发起一场运动，终于促使大会呼吁查明这一事件。
is antonio there ?	安东尼奥在吗
what has he done ?	- 他做了什么？
subsidiarity cannot be wholly separated from the principles underlying global economic liberalization .	179. 辅助原则不能完全脱离全球经济自由化的各项基本原则。
this would seem to be particularly true when it comes to an attack on iran’s nuclear installations . israel would not like to be seen as the spoiler of a diplomatic solution to a dispute that in any case cannot be resolved by military means alone .	针对伊朗核设施的袭击尤其如此。以色列不愿被视为外交解决希望的破坏者，因为这场冲突无论如何无法单纯依靠军事手段来加以解决。
california .	加州
he asked me to marry him .	他向我求婚了
monitoring and accountability mechanisms are needed in relation to the priority-setting process, as well as implementation of the selected priorities .	27. 在确定优先次序方面和落实选定的优先事项方面都需要监测和问责机制。
if you insist, i'd give my life .	如果你坚持，我会给你我的生命
who is in the kitchen making breads . . .	就是在厨房里做面包的...
- my tailor is rich .	-我的裁缝好有钱
you'll see .	你看着吧
on 11 october the special rapporteur sent an urgent appeal to the government of colombia regarding death threats received by members of the asociaci n de familiares de detenidos y desaparecidos of barrancabermeja .	10月11日，特别报告员就巴兰卡韦梅哈的被拘留者和失踪者家属协会成员收到的死亡威胁向哥伦比亚政府发出一份紧急呼吁。
what ?	- 怎么了?
it's them !	是呀，真是他们呀
just dropped in, did he, loo ?	他是顺道来拜访的吧? Just dropped in did he loo?
too late .	太晚。
professor cho ! how about you ?	崔教授，你觉得呢？
don't say anything .	什么也别说
as 29-year-old drew cataldi,	作为29岁提请CATALDI，
convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide, 1948	1948年《防止及惩治灭绝种族罪公约》
mindful that the sudan is a party to several international and regional human rights and humanitarian law instruments,	“注意到苏丹是一系列国际和区域人权和人道主义法律文书的缔约国，
- it's what i don't want, which is the obelisk falling into the hands of people who don't understand it .	- 我不想看到的是 方尖碑落入那些 不理解它的人手里
a mid-term review of the global programme will be conducted in 2010 .	2010年将对全球方案进行中期审查。
already we have contributed in the most tangible way through reducing the number of operationally available warheads to fewer than 160 .	我们已经以最实际的方式作出了贡献，将现役核弹头数量削减至不到160枚。
the group stood ready to approve a programme of work based on the principles just explained in order to prevent delays in addressing the committee's heavy workload .	集团随时准备根据刚刚解释过的原则批准拟定的工作方案，防止出现拖延，避免出现无法应付委员会繁重工作量的问题。
polish representative to the expert meeting on the text of a convention to ban anti-personnel mines, february 1997, vienna .	波兰出席禁止杀伤人员地雷公约案文专家会议代表，1997年2月，维也纳。
see general assembly resolution 46 182, annex, paras . 35 h and 41 .	见大会第46 182号决议，附件，第35(h)和第41段。
so when he came to it, he was called, o moses !	他来到那个火的附近，就有声音喊叫说：穆萨啊！
at the same time, i would like to welcome ambassador mu os of chile and wish him all the best at the security council .	同时，我还要欢迎智利的穆尼奥斯大使，并祝他在安全理事会一切顺利。
captain redfern, this is my colleague, dr . martinez .	Redfern机长 这是我的同事 Martinez医生
trust me .	相信我
this project is aimed at improving the conditions of the camp, where different national and international events are held with the participation of cuban and foreign children .	本项目旨在改善先锋营的条件，在该营地举行各种由古巴和外国儿童参加的国家和国际活动。
are you okay ?	你怎么了
notes	注
article 107 states that, each member of the royal government shall be liable for punishment for any crime or misdemeanour that he she has committed in the course of his her duty . and article 52 o the law on co-statute for civil servants, forbids civil servants from exercising powers to threaten the rights of the people .	第107条指出，“王国政府的每个成员在执行公务时犯法或做出不当行为，都应当受到处罚。” 《公务员共同法》第52条禁止公务员利用职权威胁人民的权利。
- under a minute ?	-
- would that be so awful ?	- Would that be so awful?
we're gonna play some songs for you .	将为你们献上几曲
- what's that, hon ? - blueberry muffins .	那是什么 亲爱的？
okay .	好吧
did you put on perfume ?	你喷香水了？
in the new york gubernatorial race, we have incumbent governor murray leading 52 to 48 .	在纽约州州长竞选中 现任州长默里以52 比48 领先
net mercury consumption represents the quantity of mercury in any given year for which sources will need to be assured .	汞的净消费量表示特定一年必须确定的各种来源的汞消费量。
promise ?	約定
given that minustah personnel had been the target of violence, even resulting in death, increased confidence-building measures were needed to ensure that the benefits of the mission's presence were fully appreciated by the population .	鉴于联海稳定团人员成为暴力攻击目标，甚至造成人员伤亡，因此需要进一步采取建立信任措施，确保民众充分了解特派团的存在所带来的好处。
the trade and development aspects of climate change are important for development prospects of developing countries, and should be adequately taken into account in mitigation and adaptation strategies .	气候变化的贸易和发展方面对发展中国家的发展前景十分重要，在减缓和适应战略中应给予充分的考虑。
let us advocate for an equal and just world, where every man and woman has the right to play a part in development .	让我们倡导一个平等和公正的世界，使每个男人和女人都有权在发展中发挥作用吧。
the members of the committee and of the branches shall make every effort to reach agreement on any recommendations or decisions by consensus .	49. [委员会和]两个事务组的成员应尽一切努力以协商一致方式议定任何建议和决定。
yeah, it fell out of the sky .	从天上掉下来
i the leading marks on the goods inside the container, or	(a)1. 运输单证应必须由承运人或经其授权的人签名。
a impose strict liability with only limited defence available on persons made legally responsible for pollution from oil and other hazardous substances for	（a）仅以现有的有限的有效辩护，使法律上应对油和其他有害物质污染151的下列费用负责的人承担“严格”或“绝对”的赔偿责任：
no, no, no, the voice .	不，那个声音
original spanish 15 august 2005	原件：西班牙文 2005年8月15日
we therefore do not agree that we need, at this juncture, to formulate principles for the framework for regional arrangements .	因此，我们不同意我们在目前阶段需要为区域安排的框架制定原则。
only one family was left unharmed .	只有一家人无风无浪
tom, i'm . . .	汤姆 我...
you can't trade queens with me .	不给你换皇后
belarus had for several years been one of the first 10 member states to pay their contributions .	白俄罗斯几年来都是缴付会费的前十名会员国之一。
guided by the charter of the united nations, the universal declaration of human rights, the declaration on principles of international law concerning friendly relations and cooperation among states in accordance with the charter of the united nations, the international covenants on human rights and other international and regional instruments relating to human rights and international humanitarian law,	遵循《联合国宪章》、《世界人权宣言》、《关于各国依联合国宪章建立友好关系与合作的国际法原则宣言》、人权两公约和其他国际与区域文书中所载示的涉及人权和国际人道主义法的各项原则，
you'd better come with me and start a new business	与其饿死破庙里 不如跟我到富山
meeting of 14 december 2001	2001年12月14日的会议
any transaction would . . . take place outside hk	有什么款项交接呢 一定要离开香港
i'm not going to hurt you, all right ? just put it right there .	好吗 将手放在这里
at the same time, the last six months have underscored the fact that the task that the united nations and the international community have undertaken in east timor is a truly daunting one, and that, as i stated at the beginning of this briefing, there is still a lot of work ahead of us .	同时，过去六个月突出表明，联合国和国际社会在东帝汶承担的任务确实令人生畏，正如我在本次通报开始时表明的那样，我们前面仍有许多工作。
don't let them get away .	不要让他们跑了。
why in the hell would somebody want to shoot him ?	為什麼會有人想殺他？
if i become famous, i'm going to open a restaurant .	要是我出了名 我就开一大餐厅
signed mr . hans van houtte	2. 其他有形财产(120 326里亚尔)
- you are not invited . - i will be .	你没获邀出席 我将会获邀
it can't ?	看一下没关系？
- i told you to bring some .	-我叫你要带.
in small bills .	都是些小钞
f statement iv reports on expenditures against the appropriation approved for the biennium .	(f) 报表四载列两年期批款的支出状况。
when i'm tense, i do this with my collar .	当我紧张的时候，我会这样对我的衣领
i've been using it since just now .	我从刚才就用了啊
here ?	在这儿?
proliferation of small arms and light weapons and mercenary activities threats to peace and security in west africa 18 march 2003 18 march 2003 .	61. 小武器和轻武器的扩散及雇佣军活动：对西非和平与安全的威胁(2003年3月18日；2003年3月18日)。
a the pre-trial chamber may on its own initiative review a decision of the prosecutor taken solely under article 53, paragraph 1 c or 2 c , following the notification given under rule 5 .3 or 5 .4 .	1. (a) 预审分庭在接到第5.3条或第5.4条规则规定的通知后，可以主动复核检察官完全是根据第五十三条第一款第3项或第二款第3项作出的决定。
approximately 2 .4 million people live in radioactively-contaminated areas, including 579,000 children aged under 15 .	大约有2 400 000人居住在放射污染地区，其中包括年龄在15岁以下的579 000名儿童。
the middle east peace process is currently in a serious dilemma because of the military actions of the israeli occupying power and its use of all types of weapons .	由于以色列占领国采取了军事行动以及使用所有各种武器，目前中东和平进程正陷于严重困境之中。
the lack of a specific asset, together with the opening reserves of the end-of-service funds being nearly equal to zero, caused those funds to fall in negative equity .	这方面缺乏具体资产，连同服务终了资金期初准备金几乎为零，致使此种资金为负差。
training included the implementation of an improved missile verification system, as outlined in the commission's earlier reports to the security council s 2005 742 and s 2007 106 .	培训内容包括委员会先前给安全理事会报告(S 2005 742和S 2007 106)中概述的经改进的导弹核查系统。
- all right .	- 好吧
the bureau of foreign employment of sri lanka has adopted reintegration programmes, including loan schemes and scholarships for the education of the children of returning migrants .	斯里兰卡外国就业局制订了重新融合方案，包括提供贷款和回国移民子女教育奖学金。
- how are maida and nadja ?	- 麦达 和 娜佳 好吗
it also represents a model of civilized cooperation in resolving border disputes and problems .	它还代表了在解决边界争端和问题方面进行文明合作的典范。
at the national level	国家一级
a new hat .	一顶新帽子
i'm not a monster .	我的心也是肉做的
such information shall be immediately transmitted to the members of the committee for consideration at the committee's next meeting .	此种信息应立即转送委员会成员，以便委员会得以在其下次会议上予以审议。
the first report, issued on 10 december 2008, concerned security provisions .	138. 2008年12月10日印发的第一份报告涉及安保规定。
take an element of the cyclone the way the visual fabric is maintained while the metaphor plays on different levels .	再看看"暴风"， 它维持着整体结构， 比喻在不同地方起作用。
what ? why don't you just steal, like, a fire engine ?	我们干嘛不去偷个救火车？
i've never heard of you .	我从没有听说过
recommendation numbers in refer to relevant recommendations in a cn .9 wg .v wp .61 and a cn .9 wg .v wp .61 add .1, the previous version of the recommendations .	[]中的建议号系指上一版建议A CN.9 WG.V WP.61和A CN.9 WG.V WP.61 Add.1号文件中的相关建议。
capacity development .	《能力建设》。
report of the united nations high commissioner for refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions a 58 3, a 58 12 suppl . , a 58 12 add .1 suppl . 1, a 58 281, a 58 299, a 58 353, a 58 410 and a 58 415-s 2003 952	联合国难民事务高级专员的报告：有关难民、回返者和流离失所者的问题和人道主义问题(A 58 3 A 58 12 (Suppl.) A 58 12 Add.1 (Suppl.)1 A 58 281 A 58 299 A 58 353 A 58 410和A 58 415-S 2003 952)
the committee is also concerned about information that most foreigners who are removed from canada are africans or of african descent .	委员会还对关于大多数被驱逐出加拿大的外国人是非洲人或非洲人后裔的资料表示关注。
shoot him .	射他!
the person who uses indiscriminate violence is a terrorist .	滥用暴力的人是恐怖分子。
military and police personnel	1. 军事和警务人员
regarding the death penalty, although such a human rights violation did not fall within his mandate, he felt compelled as a human rights lawyer to draw attention to the execution of criminals by the palestinian authority, and called on it to desist from such a practice .	48. 关于死刑，尽管这种侵犯人权行为不属于其使命的范畴内，但他作为一名人权律师感到，不得不提请委员会注意巴勒斯坦权力机构处决罪犯的做法，并呼吁它停止这种做法。
e multilateral fund-related issues	(e) 与多边基金相关的事项
the report illustrates actual causes of delays in documentation processing within the department .	报告说明大会部文件处理出现拖后的实际原因。
that's it .	...
member states are encouraged to undertake as minimum action during the first phase 2005-2007 of the world programme the following	27. 会员国在世界方案的第一阶段（2005-2007）内最好采取以下最低限度的行动：
i wish to take this opportunity to congratulate the states which have been elected vice-presidents of the general assembly .	我谨借此机会向当选为大会副主席的国家表示祝贺。
at its thirty-fifth session, in march 1989, the committee decided to designate a special rapporteur authorized to process new communications as they were received, i .e . between sessions of the committee .	101. 委员会1989年3月第三十五届会议决定，指定一名特别报告员处理委员会两届会议之间收到的新来文。
turn towards shore . otherwise we won't find anything .	往岸边去吧，否则什么找不到。
it's too early . adrian .	来得太早了吧
king of the hackers . worked for the nsa .	駭客之王，曾替國家安全局工作
things i did . i wasn't married when i had my baby .	我所做的一切
rapporteur mr . santiago wins uruguay	报告员：圣地亚哥 温斯先生（乌拉圭）
yes, there was a bad accident there .	知道 那里出了意外
you think it's funny ?	这很好笑吗？
add a new expected accomplishment e to read strengthened efforts that contribute to the elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and a new measurement of achievement e to read an increased number of activities carried out to fulfil the mandates .	增加一项新的预期成果(e)：“加强有助于消除种族主义、种族歧视，仇外心理和有关不容忍的工作”。 并增加一条新的绩效衡量(e)：“开展更多的活动来履行任务规定”。
eh up, andy .	安迪。
country experiences of afro-descendant communities	非裔社区的国别经验：
but, it's just, you know, i've been sitting here trying to figure out how the hell	但是 要知道 我坐在这里... 试着去弄明白 我怎么就...
b the relationship between the security council and other principal organs of the united nations	(b) 安全理事会与联合国其他主要机构的关系；
yeah, well, we didn't ask for you to leave, but you did that anyway .	我们也没要求你离开 但是你确实离开了
feeling the blow she began to cry, because she could not move .	感到这一撞很猛，她开始哭喊，因她已不能动弹。
it also noted with satisfaction that unep would be working with unido to ensure sustainable industrial development .	它还满意地注意到，环境规划署将同工发组织合作确保可持续的工业发展。
planning support	1 P-4 b
triumph . disaster .	胜利 灾难
- what do you care ?	- 关你什么事?
so, do you have any idea where you wanna eat ?	你想到哪里去吃饭
we went to sleep together .	我们去一起睡觉。
oh, i see .	-我知道。
recalling its resolution 1503 2003 of 28 august 2003,	回顾其2003年8月28日第1503（2003）号决议，
this isn't how we're supposed to be forever .	This isn't how we're supposed to be forever.
number of elementary schools in 1989 90-1997 98	1989 1990-1997 1998学年小学的数目
cost-sharing contributions for the year totalled 43 .9 million compared to 12 .5 million in 2001 .	24. 本年度分担费用摊款共计为43.9百万美元，2001年为12.5百万美元。
how's it looking ?	今天你气色很不错啊
motherfuckers !	他妈的！
get the antivenom to the control room .	获得抗蛇毒血清到控制室。
two small soles, two small heels, what a fine turn you promote 'lt was amazing to walk in his steps, he showed another way of getting around .	看见趾头接脚跟 你在迷路转圈圈 跟随它的脚步好玩极了 我发现一种新的移动方式
agenda item 97	议程项目97
dance with me, mrs . dilber . dance with me !	陪我跳舞，杜柏太太，陪我跳舞
- at least a 20 per cent reduction in staff numbers by 31 march 2008	-至迟于2008年3月31日将工作人员人数至少裁减20 ；
the event, organized by the office for economic and social council support and coordination, department of economic and social affairs, will be presided over by h .e . mr . aminu wali nigeria , chairman of the second committee .	本次活动由经济和社会事务部经社理事会支助和协调办公室安排。 第二委员会主席阿米努 瓦利先生阁下（尼日利亚）主持本次活动。
but . . .	但是...
i m gonna swing you .	我要把你荡过去
leave . . . . . .priest .	走开...
taking note of resolution gc 44 res 17 of 22 september 2000 of the general conference of the international atomic energy agency on safety of transport of radioactive materials,	注意到2000年9月22日国际原子能机构大会通过的关于放射性材料的安全运输问题的第GC（44）RES 17号决议，
- get the hell out .	- 给我滚！
nevertheless, the slow pace of reform of the economic and social council showed that the commitment of development partners was wavering .	然而，经济及社会理事会改革进展缓慢表明发展伙伴的承诺在动摇。
what keeps people from belief that guidance has come to them, but they question, why has god sent a mortal messenger ?	当正道降临众人的时候，妨碍他们信道的只是他们的这句话：难道真主派遣一个凡人来做使者吗？
transfer of technology involved the successful learning of information by one party from another party, and the effective application of that information in generating marketable products and services .	技术转让涉及一方从另一方成功地学到信息，有效地将该信息应用于创造可销售的产品和服务。
and i am gonna go and eat these empanadas shaped like rick moranis by myself .	然后我就将会去吃那些肉馅卷饼 把它做成里克莫兰尼斯的形状
no . moment's gone . you killed it .	不了 好话不说第二遍 是你扫兴了
convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment	禁止酷刑和其他残忍、不人道或 有辱人格的待遇或处罚公约
triennial review of the implementation of the recommendations made by the committee at its thirty-ninth session on the in-depth evaluation of the disarmament programme	4. 委员会第三十九届会议关于深入评价裁军方案的建议执行情况三年期审查
in addition, the adviser organized the rule of law forum at the united nations in new york city as a vehicle for diplomats to meet informally and to discuss human rights, conflict resolution and ethics .	此外，该顾问在纽约市的联合国举办法治论坛，作为外交官非正式会面和讨论人权、解决冲突和道德问题的渠道。
don't worry .	不要担心。
they're all dead .	他们都死了
- oh, none of those were terrible .	- 不，它们一点都不可怕
no, i don't know it that well, actually .	不，我练得不熟，真的
- you, shortstop .	- 错 毕利?
in some countries, the mere fact of reporting a disappearance entailed a serious risk to the life or security of the person making the report or to his or her family members .	在一些国家内，光是报道失踪现象的事实本身就对报道人员或其家庭成员的生命或安全带来了严重的危险。
isn't he with ed ?	他不是和艾迪 在一起吗？
the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty ctbt forms an essential part of the nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation regime .	《全面禁止核试验条约》（全面禁试条约）成为核裁军与不扩散制度的一个重要部分。
what's more, with borgia's visit the mendozas are willing to negotiate .	一切只会变得更糟 而且 在博尔哈主教到访之后 门多萨就对我们敞开了大门
yes ?	喂
however, it was clear that the announcement of the revolutionary government's decision to undertake a radical transformation of cuban society to the benefit of its people would, sooner rather than later, come into conflict with united states interests in the domination of cuba .	然而，革命政权宣布开始对古巴社会进行根本性变革以造福古巴人民的决定，明显迟早要与在古巴占主导地位的美国既得利益相矛盾。
o'brien ?	奥布瑞恩
come on . come on .	来吧，来吧
i can't believe i'm writing this .	我不能相信我写这篇文章。
could the civilians in jenin defend themselves against such attacks ?	杰宁的平民百姓如何能面对这种袭击来自卫呢？
the paragraph in question was thus redundant .	因此这一段是多余。
united nations, treaty series, vol . 1249, no . 20378 .	联合国，《条约汇编》，第1249卷，第20378号。
anything there ?	那邊有東西嗎?
articles 1 to 6	第1条到第6条
- three plus . . .	- 三加...
our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 2305 hours, drove them off .	我国空防出于自卫，起而拦截，并于23时05分将它们逐出。
i'll support you with ground units .	我会派地面部队支援
hey, we want some pussy	我们想要"蜜桃"
i almost forget that there was such a thing as kidding .	我几乎忘记了还用这个开过玩笑
in 1998, unfpa made the decision to defer implementation of this aspect of harmonization as it pertains to the financial statements .	1998年，人口基金决定延迟执行与财务报表有关的这方面的统一规定。
hey . . . shh, it's all right .	糑 繰
an overview of the consultations organized pursuant to resolution 63 3 is provided in the annex to the present document .	根据第63 3号决议所组织的磋商概况载于本文件附件中。
international organizations, reponsibility , in bernhardt r . ed ., encyclopedia of public international law, vol . 5, 1983, pp . 162-165 .	GINTHER (K.); “International Organizations Reponsibility” in BERNHARDT (R.) ed. Encyclopedia of Public International Law vol. 5 1983 pp. 162-165.
he took his own life .	他自杀了.
finally, on the issue of financing the participation of experts in unctad expert meetings, he confirmed that arrangements for such financing in 2002 were proceeding in full accordance with the decisions of the mid-term review .	8. 最后，关于资助专家参加贸发会议专家会议的问题，他确认，关于2002年这种资助的安排，正在完全按照中期审查会议作出的决定行事。
this way . follow me !	快跟上，跟着我！
- african states, two seats	- 非洲国家，二席；
it's been really hard, but do me a favor, okay ?	这很艰难 帮我个忙 好吗？
does not matter ?	不重要？
in 1967, in the middle of the biafran-nigerian civil war, dr . njoku-obi invented the cholera vaccine .	在1967年，在比夫拉-尼日利亚内战中， Njoku-Obi医生发明了霍乱疫苗。
one slice of ham . thin, not thick .	一片火腿，薄一点，不要太厚
- ah ! - mackenzie what's he doing ?	他在干嘛
netherlands	荷兰
see supra note 9 .	见以上注解9。
b recommendation 3	(b) 建议3.
a number of other ngos were invited to take part in the consultations during the preparation of the national report for the upr . some of them are as follows	另有一些非政府组织应邀参加了普遍定期审议国家报告编写过程中进行的协商。
he said, 'indeed thou knowest that none sent these down, except the lord of the heavens and earth, as clear proofs and, pharaoh, i think thou art accursed .'	他说：你确实知道，只有天地的主能降示这些作为明证。法老啊！我的确猜想你是要毁灭的。
but i won't get paid even though if i kill you .	可是我杀了你也没钱收
however, ownership of land will no longer be a precondition for supplying services .	然而，是否拥有土地所有权，已不再是提供服务的先决条件。
e training and technical support for sustainable implementation of results-based management are inadequate .	(e) 没有为可持续执行成果管理制提供培训和技术支持。
the commission, while taking careful note of the agreement between the government of colombia and the united self-defence groups of colombia for total demobilization of paramilitary forces by 2005, expresses its deep concern at the lack of progress towards a comprehensive peace strategy .	委员会谨慎地注意到哥伦比亚政府与哥伦比亚联合自卫组织关于在2005年前全部遣散准军事部队的协议，同时对制定全面和平战略方面进展甚微深表关注。
